A child in a pink dress is climbing up a set of stairs in an entry way .
A girl going into a wooden building .
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A little girl in a pink dress going into a wooden cabin .
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A black dog and a tri-colored dog playing with each other on the road .
A black dog and a white dog with brown spots are staring at each other in the street .
Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road .
Two dogs on pavement moving toward each other .
A little girl covered in paint sits in front of a painted rainbow with her hands in a bowl .
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow .
A small girl in the grass plays with fingerpaints in front of a white canvas with a rainbow on it .
There is a girl with pigtails sitting in front of a rainbow painting .
Young girl with pigtails painting outside in the grass .
A man lays on a bench while his dog sits by him .
A man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied .
a man sleeping on a bench outside with a white and black dog sitting next to him .
A shirtless man lies on a park bench with his dog .
man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
A man in an orange hat starring at something .
A man wears an orange hat and glasses .
A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat .
A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses and an orange hat .
A child playing on a rope net .
A little girl climbing on red roping .
A little girl in pink climbs a rope bridge at the park .
A small child grips onto the red ropes at the playground .
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A Boston terrier is running in the grass .
A Boston Terrier is running on lush green grass in front of a white fence .
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence .
A dog shakes its head near the shore , a red ball next to it .
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
Dog with orange ball at feet , stands on shore shaking off water
White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water .
White dog with brown ears standing near water with head turned to one side .
A boy smiles in front of a stony wall in a city .
A little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall .
A young boy runs aross the street .
A young child is walking on a stone paved street with a metal pole and a man behind him .
Smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him .
A black dog leaps over a log .
A grey dog is leaping over a fallen tree .
A large black dog leaps a fallen log .
A mottled black and grey dog in a blue collar jumping over a fallen tree .
The black dog jumped the tree stump .
A brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A dog is running in the snow
A dog running through snow .
a white and brown dog is running through a snow covered field .
The white and brown dog is running over the surface of the snow .
A man in a hat is displaying pictures next to a skier in a blue hat .
A man skis past another man displaying paintings in the snow .
A person wearing skis looking at framed pictures set up in the snow .
A skier looks at framed pictures in the snow next to trees .
Man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
A collage of one person climbing a cliff .
A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall .
A group of people climbing a rock while one man belays
Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope .
Several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line .
A brown dog chases the water from a sprinkler on a lawn .
a brown dog plays with the hose .
A brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
A dog is playing with a hose .
Large brown dog running away from the sprinkler in the grass .
A dog prepares to catch a thrown object in a field with nearby cars .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow ball in its mouth .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy .
A white dog is ready to catch a yellow ball flying through the air .
A white dog running after a yellow ball
a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy .
A dog leaps to catch a ball in a field .
A white dog is trying to catch a ball in midair over a grassy field .
The white dog is playing in a green field with a yellow toy .
A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city .
a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it .
A little boy at a lake watching a duck .
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park .
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
A couple and an infant , being held by the male , sitting next to a pond with a near by stroller .
A couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller .
A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake .
A man and woman care for an infant along the side of a body of water .
Couple with a baby sit outdoors next to their stroller .
A black dog running in the surf .
A black lab with tags frolicks in the water .
A dog splashes in the water
The black dog runs through the water .
This is a black dog splashing in the water .
A man drilling a hole in the ice .
A man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond .
A person in the snow drilling a hole in the ice .
A person standing on a frozen lake .
Two men are ice fishing .
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .
Two dogs are making a turn on a soft sand beach .
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
Two dogs playing together on a beach .
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach .
A man uses ice picks and crampons to scale ice .
an ice climber in a blue jacket and black pants is scaling a frozen ice wall .
An ice climber scaling a frozen waterfall .
A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks .
Climber climbing an ice wall
A black dog carries a green toy in his mouth as he walks through the grass .
A black dog carrying something through the grass .
A black dog has a blue toy in its mouth .
A dog in grass with a blue item in his mouth .
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass .
A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water .
A man and a little boy in blue life jackets are rowing a yellow canoe .
A man and child kayak through gentle waters .
A man and young boy ride in a yellow kayak .
Man and child in yellow kayak
A black dog and a brown dog are jumping up to catch a red toy .
A black dog and a brown dog play with a red toy on a courtyard .
A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth .
Black dog snaps at red and black object as brown dog lunges .
The Chocolate Lab jumps too late to get the toy as the Black Lab captures it in the driveway .
A boy with a stick kneeling in front of a goalie net
A child in a red jacket playing street hockey guarding a goal .
A young kid playing the goalie in a hockey rink .
A young male kneeling in front of a hockey goal with a hockey stick in his right hand .
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick .
A man in black is sitting next to a modern art structure in front of a glass building .
A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building .
a man sits near a large statue .
A man sitting in front of a metal sculpture in front of a building .
The man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading .
A tent is being set up on the ice .
Two men are about to enter an ice fishing tent on a snow covered lake .
two men setting up a blue ice fishing hut on an iced over lake
Two men , standing on an ice , looking into something covered with a blue tarp .
Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field .
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky .
Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them
Three dogs on a grassy hill
Three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby .
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
A man stands in front of a skyscraper .
A man stands in front of a very tall building .
Behind the man in a red shirt stands a large skyscraper .
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera .
A boy bites hard into a treat while he sits outside .
A child biting into a baked good .
A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
The boy eats his food outside at the table .
The boy is eating pizza over a tin dish .
People sit on the mountainside and check out the view .
Three people are on a hilltop overlooking a green valley .
Three people hang out on top of a big hill .
Three people overlook a green valley .
Three people rest on a ledge above the moutains .
A boy in a green shirt is looking down at many inflatable boats .
A boy in a green shirt watches kayakers .
A boy looks over a railing at the many boats and rafts below in the water .
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats .
A young boy wearing a jersey looks down over a ledge at many boats in the water .
A man and woman pose for the camera while another man looks on .
A man is holding the hand of a woman up to his mouth in front of some buildings while another man looks on .
A multiracial couple posing for a picture
Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors , man in background watches .
Guy in blue shirt biting hand of girl in black striped jacket while another guy watches
A person eats takeout while watching a small television .
A person sits on the floor and eats in front of a television .
A television with a picture of a girl on it .
A young man sits on the floor by the television with a fast food meal in front of him .
Someone is laying in front of the TV eating food .
a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach
A group of people sit on a wall at the beach .
A group of teens sit on a wall by a beach .
Crowd of people at the beach .
Several young people sitting on a rail above a crowded beach .
A boy takes a jump on his skateboard while another boy with a skateboard watches .
A child is performing a skateboard trick while another child with a skateboard leans on a wall .
A little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches .
a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard .
Two skateboarders .
A girl paddling down a large river , as seen from behind her .
A woman kayaking down a river .
A woman paddles a boat down a river .
A woman with a paddle .
A woman with a paddle sits in a boat on the water .
A girl in pigtails splashes in the shallow water .
A girls plays in the surf .
a girl with pigtails is playing in the ocean by the beach .
A girl with pigtails plays in the water .
A young girl in pigtails plays in the water .
A group of four children wearing pajamas have a pillow fight .
A group of kids have a pillow-fight .
A group of young children playing pillow fight on a bed .
Children having a pillow fight .
Four children are having a pillow fight .
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break .
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building .
Two construction workers sitting on an I-beam .
Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam .
Two men take a break from construction .
The children are playing in the water .
Two boys , one with a yellow and orange ball , play in some water in front of a field .
Two boys play in a puddle .
Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day .
Two kids are running and playing in some water .
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A blond woman is on the street hailing a taxi .
A woman is signaling is to traffic , as seen from behind .
A woman with blonde hair wearing a blue tube top is waving on the side of the street .
The woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic .
A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands
A young girl on a train reads a book about train rides .
A young girl sits on a seat and looks at a train pamphlet .
Child sitting down looking at train ride brochure
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore .
A brown dog is running after the black dog .
Two dogs playing on a beach .
Two dogs run across stones near a body of water .
Two dogs run towards each other on a rocky area with water in the background .
A boy descends off the end of a high diving board .
A child jumps off a high diving board into the pool .
A kid jumps off the diving board and into the swimming pool below .
A little kid is jumping off a high dive at the pool .
The boy is jumping off a high diving board into the pool .
A guy stands by a window taking his overshirt off .
A man in a tank top stands next to a chrome door .
A man puts his shirt on near an elevator .
A man stands by an elevator with his head down .
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
A light-colored dog runs on the beach .
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
A tan dog runs on a sandy beach .
A white dog is running down a rocky beach .
Light brown dog running along the beach .
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
A boy smiles for the camera at a beach .
A young boy in swimming trunks is walking with his arms outstretched on the beach .
Children playing on the beach .
The boy is playing on the shore of an ocean .
A hiker standing high on a bluff overlooking the mountains below .
a person on ski 's looks from hill over snow covered landscape
A skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain .
A skier is overlooking the beautiful white snow covered landscape .
A skier pauses on a mountaintop .
A black and white dog is attempting to catch a yellow and purple object in a low cut yard .
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee .
A black dog is jumping up to catch a purple and green toy .
A dog jumps to catch a toy .
A man in blue shorts is laying in the street .
A man in blue shorts lays down outside in a parking lot .
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .
A man lies on a mat in a parking lot between a brown SUV and a yellow pickup with an open door .
A shirtless man is laying down in the middle of a busy street .
A white and black dog and a brown dog in sandy terrain .
A woolly dog chases a Doberman on a beach .
One dog is chasing another one on the beach .
The two large dogs are running through sand .
Two large dogs chasing each other at the beach .
A black and white dog catches a toy in midair .
A dog and a tennis ball .
A dog is jumping to catch a object thrown at it ,
A dog leaps while chasing a tennis ball through a grassy field .
A multicolor dog jumping to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field .
A crowd watching air balloons at night .
A group of hot air balloons lit up at night .
People are watching hot air balloons in the park .
People watching hot air balloons .
Seven large balloons are lined up at nighttime near a crowd .
A child with a helmet on his head rides a bike .
A little boy rides a bike down a hill on a miniature dirt bike .
A young boy in a helmet rides a bike on the road .
The little boy rides his bicycle in a race .
The young boy pedals quickly at a BMX race .
A group of eight people are gathered around a table at night .
A group of people gathered around in the dark .
A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night .
A group of people sit outdoors together at night .
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
A man in a brown shirt and dark shorts plays on the beach with his two black dogs .
A man in shorts with two black dogs holds a ball throwing toy at the beach .
a man playing with two black dogs on the beach
A man with two dogs on a beach
Man at the beach with two dogs .
a boy cleans the bubbles off his face .
A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean .
A boy is covered in bubbles .
A child covered in foam is climbing on a black inflatable ramp .
A person covered in soapy water is getting cleaned off .
A boy in blue shorts slides down a slide into a pool .
A boy in blue swimming trunks slides down a yellow slide into a wading pool with inflatable toys floating in the water .
A boy rides down a slide into a small backyard pool .
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
A child is falling off a slide onto colored balloons floating on a pool of water .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby wearing a wetsuit up into the air .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him .
A man in water throwing a little boy up in the air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him .
The man is in the pool and throwing a small boy into the air .
While water droplets fly , a man throws a little boy up in the air .
A little boy sticks his tongue out for the camera . Another boy looks on .
Two boys make faces .
Two young boys are looking at the camera , one smiling , the other sticking his tongue out .
Two young boys look up at the camera as one sticks out his tongue .
two young boys making silly faces .
A blonde horse and a blonde girl in a black sweatshirt are staring at a fire in a barrel .
A girl and her horse stand by a fire .
A girl holding a horse 's lead behind a fire .
A man , and girl and two horses are near a contained fire .
Two people and two horses watching a fire .
A bulldog , a sheep dog , and a boxer standing in a yard .
A large brown dog is pushing a small Boston terrier with his face while anouther dog watches .
A large skinny dog stands near two smaller dogs int the dirt .
There are three dogs starring at a ball in the middle of them .
Three dogs of various sizes .
A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together .
A man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A man and woman sitting on a deck next to a lake .
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A closeup of a white dog that is laying its head on its paws .
a large white dog lying on the floor .
A white dog has its head on the ground .
A white dog is resting its head on a tiled floor with its eyes open .
A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks .
a woman in a yellow shirt and green shorts is climbing an artificial red wall whilst wearing a safety harness .
A woman in blue shorts and a white shirt is indoor rock climbing .
The girl is climbing a rock wall .
The girl is in a harness , climbing rocks .
Woman climbing an artificial rock wall .
A boy is jumping on an inflatable ring and a girl is watching him
A boy jumping on a water jumphouse
A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide .
A young boy jumping and a young girl seating in an inflatable pool .
Two young kids are playing in the water on an inflated toy .
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
Children ride a tractor in a field .
Several children playing on a Polaris vehicle outdoors .
The children played on the four wheeler in the field .
The four kids are riding on an ATV in a field .
A woman in a red costume to the left of a man and woman standing together .
A woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street .
A young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk .
The girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop .
Two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress .
Skiiers walking up the hill through a forest .
Two men are skiing in the snow in a wooded area .
Two people wearing yellow jackets cross-country skiing .
Two skiers are making their way through woodland .
Two skiers are sliding down a trail in the woods .
A lone skier is making their way up a mountain .
Skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill .
Two hikers climbing a snowy hill .
Two people are on a snow-covered mountain .
Two people climbing up a snowy mountain .
a brown dog running down a paved pathway
A brown dog running next to grass .
A dog is running down a road .
A light brown dog runs down a path happily .
Energetic brown dog running
A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night .
A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole .
A woman stands with children on a boardwalk at night overlooking the sea .
Some people on a pier at night with one girl fishing off it .
Woman with three children fishing over boardwalk in the evening .
A woman dressed in a blue jacket and blue jeans rides a brown horse near a frozen lake and snow-covered mountain .
A woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water .
A woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the wintertime .
A young blond woman sitting atop a brown draft horse in the snowy mountains .
Woman n blue jacket sits on daft horse near a frozen lake .
Two draft horses pull a cart through the snow .
Two golden brown horses pull a sleigh driven by a woman in a blue coat .
Two horses are pulling a woman in a cart .
Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground .
Two horses pulling a sled steered by a smiling blond woman .
A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
A person climbs a tall , flat mountain while holding onto a safety rope .
A person is climbing a rock while holding onto a white rope .
A person rappels down a steep incline .
A person wearing a red vest climbs up a steep rock .
People stand inside a rock dome .
Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern while bathed in sunlight from the surface .
three people sit in a cave .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
a group of backpackers lay on the dry ground .
A group of hikers are resting on the ground in front of some mountains .
People camp with the mountains in the background .
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
A woman in a blue dress stands with a chalk portrait of two children playing by a stream .
A woman standing in front of a chalk drawing
A woman stands next to a chalk drawing in front of a barn-like structure .
A woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration .
A woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk .
A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .
A dog looking at the camera in snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
A tan dog stand in the snow and looks up .
The brown dog is out in the snow .
A boy jumping in a fountain .
a boy plays in the fountains .
A child plays in a fountain .
A little boy playing in the water .
A young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground .
A Corgi runs out of a tunnel .
A dog runs out of a tunnel on a course .
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
The dog is running out of the tunnel on a dog obedience course .
The small brown and white dog is running out of a small tunnel .
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field .
a dog chases another dog .
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt .
Two dogs are running in a field .
two dogs running around
A little girl in a blue swimsuit is walking along a wooden fence next to a sandy beach .
A little girl with arms outstretched is posing at the beach .
A young girl walks on a railing in front of the beach .
Little girl in blue swimsuit standing on a handrail near a beach .
The little girl in the blue bathing suit is posing at the beach .
A black and white dog drinking water from a water spray .
A black and white dog is being soaked with a jet of water in a blue paddling pool .
A dog sticking its face into the shower from a garden hose .
A small white dog gets sprayed by water
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool .
a boy smiles underwater .
A red-headed boy swimming underwater .
A small boy swimming underwater
A smiling boy swims underwater in a pool .
The boys smiles underwater at the pool .
A boy with a toy gun .
A little boy in orange shorts playing with a toy .
A young boy with his foot outstretched aims a toy at the camera in front of a fireplace .
A young child plays with his new light-up toy .
Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera .
A boy in yellow shorts is standing on top of a cliff .
A boy wearing blue and yellow walking on a cliff edge .
A little boy standing high in the air on a rock .
A young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks .
Child stands near edge of cliff .
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
A snowmobiler flies through the air .
A snowmobile rider flies through the air on his or her machine in front of tall pine trees .
Rider jumps snowmobile high in rural area .
The man is up in the air .
People are riding around on snowmobiles .
People pose with helmets and goggles on while riding snowmobiles .
Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride .
Three people and two snowmobiles .
Two helmeted men sit on yellow snowmobiles while another man stands behind watching .
Three people drive ATVs .
Three people on ATVs in a brown field turn their heads to look at the camera .
Three people on ATV 's outside .
three people on four wheel ATV 's in a field .
Three people ride their four wheelers through the field .
A four wheeler jumping in an empty field .
A man on a four wheeler is flying through the air .
A person is riding an orange ATV in a large empty field .
Man jumping with all terrain vehicle
Man on an ATV catching air !
A man jumps gin the air while riding an ATV
A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building .
An ATV is airborne over a field in front of a white structure .
A person dressed in a tan jacket jumps a quad over a harvested cornfield in front of a small out building .
Man on four wheeler in the air .
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain .
A boy is jumping off the side of a running stone water fountain in front of a building .
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain .
A little boy is jumping in front of a fountain .
A little boy is playfully jumping off the side of a fountain .
A boy carrying a soccer ball .
A boy walks with a ball tucked under his arm .
A boy walks with a soccer ball near a fence .
A boy wearing a white t-shirt walks on the grass and carries a soccer ball .
Small boy carries a soccer ball on a field .
A child painting a picture .
An artist paints clouds onto a canvas .
A young girl painting a picture .
A young girl with braids is painting with water colors on a white paper on the wall .
The child paints on a large paper with water colors .
A cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill .
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve .
A man on a mountain bike is pedaling up a hill .
Man bicycle up a road , while cows graze on a hill nearby .
The biker is riding around a curve in the road .
a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A black dog playing fetch with a ball of rope .
A black dog pounces to get a rope toy .
A black dog running after his rope toy .
A large black dog is playing in a grassy yard .
A little girl is holding a cine camera in front of her face .
A young girl is looking through an old fashioned video camera .
A young girl steadies her aim with a camera
Girl with rosy cheeks and lips holding black toy gun .
There is a kid with a gun .
A black and white Border Collie catches a Frisbee in front of an audience .
a brown and white dog catches a Frisbee in it mouth in front of a group of people .
A brown and white dug jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches .
A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee , while many people watch .
An agile dog catches a Frisbee while a crowd of onlookers watches closely .
A baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks .
A baby is stacking rocks on the beach .
A small boy is playing with rocks
A toddler sitting on a pile of rocks holding a rock at a beach .
Toddler sits on a pile of rocks .
A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
A man climbing a rock wall
A man climbing the side of a cliff .
A man is rock climbing .
Man with red shoes , white shirt and grey pants climbing .
The young man with the white t-shirt and jeans is rappeling up the rock wall .
A climber wearing a blue helmet and headlamp is attached to a rope on the rock face .
A man climbs a rocky wall .
a rock climber climbs a large rock .
A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock .
Person with blue helmet and purple pants is rock climbing .
A child playing with a fountain at the beach .
A child plays with a fountain .
A girl looks at a fountain that sprays water .
A little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture .
The little girl is playing with a toy in a public fountain .
A black dog is jumping over a log along a beach .
A black dog runs along the beach and jumps over a wood barrior .
A dog is running on the beach .
a dog jumping over a small wall at a beach near the water .
An animal is running on the beach .
A black and white bird eating seeds out of someone 's hand
A black and white bird standing on a hand .
A small bird sits in a person 's hand and eats seeds .
Black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds
The small bird is clinging to a finger of the hand holding the seeds .
A brown dog is running in the sand .
A brown dog playing in the sand .
A brown dog plays at the beach .
A dog is standing in the sand .
A dog running fast in the sand .
A little boy stands in the surf .
A small child wades through the water while being guided by another person .
A young boy laughs while splashing in the ocean .
a young boy wearing a colorful bathing suit splashing in the ocean
A young child splashing in water .
A little tan dog with large ears running through the grass .
A playful dog is running through the grass .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
The small dog is running across the lawn .
this is a small beige dog running through a grassy field
A black and white dog is running through the field .
A black , brown and white dog running through a field .
A brown , black and white dog is running through a large field with its mouth open .
A dog running in a field .
A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera .
A girl in a pink swimsuit in a pool
A girl swimming in a pool .
A little girl in a pink bathing suit swimming in a pool .
A little girl swimming in a pool .
Smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool .
A child is standing on her head .
A little girl standing on her head .
A small child doing a handstand on a bed .
A young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets .
The girl is upside down on a bed
A guy stands in the sand with a snowboard behind him .
A man holds a surfboard on the beach .
a man holds his snowboard in the sand .
A man with his surfboard stands in the sand .
Man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard .
People on ATVs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees .
Three people are riding around on ATV 's and motorcycles .
Three people on motorbikes follow a trail through dry grass .
Three people on two dirt-bikes and one four-wheeler are riding through brown grass .
Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
A baby in a white garment holds a flag with crescent moon and star .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
A baby wearing a white gown waves a Muslim flag .
A little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag .
Baby in white outfit holding black and white flag .
A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors .
An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped .
A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair , close to three parked bicycles .
Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street .
Topless old man wearing slippers , navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside .
A brown and white and a black and white dog hauling in a floating toy from the ocean .
Both dogs retrieve the play toy from the water .
Two dogs in the ocean playing with a toy
Two dogs run through the water with a rope in their mouths .
Two dogs tug at a chew toy in the surf .
There are three young people , one dark haired holding a bottled drink , one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth , and one with spiked hair .
The young people party in the streets .
Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street .
Three women on the street drinking and posing
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
A brown dog is running through neck-deep water carrying a tennis ball .
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A red dog , holding a ball , splashes through vegetation filled water .
Brown dog with tennis ball in mouth , in water and bushes .
Two brown dogs are creating large splashes as they run in a river .
Two brown dogs in the water .
Two brown dogs running through water .
Two brown dogs runs through the water .
Two dogs splash through the water .
A black dog runs into the ocean next to a pile of seaweed .
A black lav runs into the water on the beach , with swimmers in the distance and sea kelp in the foreground .
A dog at the shore of an ocean , with seaweed in foreground .
A dog is running in the waves at the beach .
A pile of seaweed sits on the sand , behind it a big black dog is running in the water .
A young boy runs while wearing sandals .
Little boy in a striped shirt and brown shorts is running .
The little boy , in a short sleeved shirt and shorts , is running outside .
The little boy is wearing a black pinstripe shirt and walking on a deck .
Young boy running outside on the pavement .
A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows .
A dog is looking at something near the water .
A furry dog attempts to dry itself by shaking the water off its coat .
A white and brown dog shaking its self dry .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
Two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks .
Two men sitting in front of a railing are looking at something .
Two men with backpacks placed in front of them sitting in front of a railing .
Two men with backpacks are sitting on cardboard along a railing .
Two older men with backpacks sit at a bus station .
A boy is jumping on a bed .
A boy jumped up from the green bed .
A boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small child is jumping on a bed .
The boy in blue shorts is bouncing on the bed .
A child leaping from bed to bed behind the back of a man .
A man is standing with his arms folded looking at something while the person behind him is jumping onto one of the two beds in the room .
a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background
A young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way .
Man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed .
A snowboarder sits on a slope with skiers and boarders nearby .
A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside .
Snowboarders sitting in the snow while skiers take the hill .
The snowboarder is sitting down .
Two skiers stand , two sit on slopes .
A girl in green walks down a city street .
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants .
A small child walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy is walking in front of some stores
The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window .
A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car .
A boy in a red soccer strip is holding his boots in his hand whilst stepping out of a car .
A boy in glasses is wearing a red shirt .
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes .
A young boy gets out of the van and prepares his shoes for wear during a soccer game .
A bridge through high green plants , a man and a woman on it .
A man and a woman are crossing over a rope bridge with greenery all over them .
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge .
A man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting .
Woman and man walking across wooden rope bridge with a caution sign beside it .
A family gathered at a painted van
A girl climbing down from the side of a bright blue truck while others watch .
A man is helping a girl step down from a colorful truck whilst a woman and three children watch .
A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load .
Two women and four children standing next to a brightly painted truck .
A blond woman poses with a person in a pink costume .
A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume .
A young woman hugs a young man who 's wearing a pink costume .
Blond embracing young man in pink costume , at event
Two people are hugging and one is wearing a pink-hooded stretch top .
A bicyclist riding on a city street .
A woman in a blue helmet and brown shorts rides her bike on a busy street .
A woman is riding a blue bike .
A woman is riding her bicycle in traffic
A woman wearing a blue helmet rides her bicycle in a parking lot .
A bicycle rider is crossing a street .
A bicyclist getting ready to cross a street .
A biker in spandex riding on a busy street .
A man in blue and white biking gear rides down a busy street .
a man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street .
A lady wearing a helmet holding a bike .
A woman in a blue vest and a sky blue helmet stands with her bicycle in traffic .
A woman in a helmet rides her bike behind a car .
A woman with a helmet and a backpack walks next to her bike .
Women with bike and helmet wait for traffic .
A man in shorts is jogging along a street with a headset .
A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs .
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts is wearing headphones .
A woman walks on a street wearing headphones .
A woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner .
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection .
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection .
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection .
People waiting at a light on bikes .
three bikers stop in town .
A man without a shirt on is guiding a large brown horse pulling a green and yellow wagon .
A shirtless man escorts a horse pulling a carriage along a paved road .
A shirtless man leading a horse that is pulling a carriage .
Shirtless man leading a small horse-drawn covered wagon down a road
The shirtless man is walking the Shetland pony and carriage down the street .
A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net .
A child practices hitting a baseball into a net , while two adult men watch .
A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it .
The man is holding the net for the boy playing baseball .
Three people put up a batting cage .
A small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun .
A young girl plays in shallow water .
A young girl wears a shirt and shorts as she plays in the ocean 's surf .
Girl running through the water near the shore .
The little girl splashes through the water .
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band playing a trumpet
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside .
A girl hands out Starbucks samples at a street fair .
An Asian girl in a green hat and apron is serving drinks on a tray .
a Starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks
The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons .
Woman dressed in a green hat and apron is holding a try full of drink samples .
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain .
Three men loading items on a sled .
Three people and a sled .
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat .
Three people in the snow put their gear in order .
A child jumping into a lake in a wooded area while another child plays on the shore .
A child jumps into the water with his sneakers on .
A kid jumping into a pool of water .
Little boy in sneakers jumping into water .
The man takes a leap into the water with his shoes on .
A elderly man in a straw hat is sitting on a bench .
a elderly man sits alone on a park bench .
An old man in a straw hat sits on a park bench .
The old man in the brown hat is sitting on the bench .
White haired man in gray sweater and a straw hat sitting on a bench under a tree .
Three girls are walking across a bridge covered with wood and surrounded by trees .
Three girls walking along an arched garden pathway .
Three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees .
Three women walking through a tunnel in a park .
Three women walk through a plant covered atrium hallway .
A girl dressed in a red top , a red cap , and light colored shorts , sits on a rock outside .
A little girl in a red hat and yellow flip flops sits on a rock .
A little girl with a red hood and shirt is sitting with legs sprawled on a rock , her mouth open .
A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder .
The little girl sits on top of a rock .
A man eats near a tent in the snow .
A man sitting near a tent in the snow and ice .
A mountaineer sits in the snow in front of a yellow tent under clear blue sky .
Person wearing a hooded jacket sitting on snow in front of a yellow tent .
Young man in hooded jacket sitting on snow in mountain area .
A grey dog beside a black and white dog running in green grass .
two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
Two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other .
Two dogs wrestle in a field .
A man in a red shirt and glasses is bending down towards a small dog on a blanket with several stuffed animals .
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .
A man is playing tug of war with his dog .
A man playing with a black dog on a white blanket .
A man playing with his dog on the blanket on the floor .
A guy with a nose piercing .
A man in a red cap with a nose ring .
A teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose .
closeup picture of a man with a nose ring and a brown shirt
Young man with a nose ring and a hat .
A man in yellow grimaces .
a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face
The man in the yellow t-shirt is pulling a large grin on his face .
There is a man , wearing a yellow shirt , and grimacing .
This man is smiling very big at the camera .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
a man standing in a bar with a neon beer sign hanging on the wall
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A man stands next to three video game machines and a beer sign .
A man stands next to three video machines .
A big brown dog plays with a smaller grey dog on the grass .
The dark brown dog is playing with the light brown dog .
Two brown dogs are running through the grass .
Two brown dogs run side by side .
Two dogs running and playing rough in the grass .
A girl in blue is jumping on the shore as small waves approach her .
A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean .
A young , long-haired , girl on the beach , is jumping in the air .
The girl is running into the ocean from the shore .
The girls is jumping into the air on the beach .
A crowd of people walk down a busy sidewalk .
A group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
Dog jumps to get orange ball on his head .
The brown and black dog is jumping up to catch a red ball .
Two blonde boys , one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue , are having a water fight .
Two boys are squirting water guns at each other .
Two boys spraying each other with water
Two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other .
Two young boys are squirting water at each other .
a brown dog jumping into a pool after a bloe ball .
A dog in the air above the swimming pool .
A dog jumps into a backyard pool .
A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool .
A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool .
Parents are pushing little children in red car carts .
twin boys being pushed in small car shaped strollers in a parade
Twin toddlers dressed alike being pushed in plastic car strollers in a parade
Two children ride in toy cars .
Two kids being pushed in car shaped strollers in a parade .
A boys baseball team wear their uniforms .
A small boy smiles as he stands with others wearing the same black hats .
Children sporting their Florida Dolphin caps .
The boys are all wearing the same baseball hats .
Three boys wearing Florida Marlins hats .
A brown dog running through the grass and flowers .
A dog in a field .
A dog running in a field of grass and flowers .
A dog running in shrubbery along a stream .
A dog walks through a field .
A small brown and black dog
A small brown and black dog playing with a toy
A small dog plays with a toy on top of a white blanket .
A small , shaggy dog playing with a toy on a blanket .
Terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth .
A dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth .
A dog running with a stick in his mouth
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A grey dog runs alongside a pool while a yellow dog jumps into the pool .
One dog is jumping into a pool while another runs alongside the pool 's edge .
one tan dog jumping in a pool while the other grey dog is on the deck
Two dogs jumping into a swimming pool .
A little old lady sitting next to an advertisement .
An Asian woman waiting at an underground train stop .
An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement .
A woman sits in a subway station .
A woman with an umbrella is sitting at a station , with an Aquos commercial on the wall .
A girl rides a unicycle as another rides a scooter next to her .
A girl rides a unicycle with a child who rides a scooter .
A young girl rides a unicycle next to another riding a scooter on a busy street .
The girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter .
There is a girl on a unicycle and a child on a scooter .
A man in a brown shirt sitting on a dock and reading .
A man is sitting next to the water , reading .
A man reading a book on the dock near a post .
A person in a brown jacket is sitting on a pier by the water reading .
Person sitting on concrete landing next to body of water
a person sits at a table behind a tree .
A person wearing a purple jacket stands behind a tall tree .
A woman in a purple jacket is eating a snack at a table behind the tree .
A woman sits at a picnic table eating with luggage .
People eat under green trees .
a couple walking along on a sidewalk
A man and a woman walk outside .
A man and woman standing in front of a refreshment stand
A man in a black shirt and jeans walks beside a woman in black pants and a flowery shirt in front of a refreshment stand with others walking nearby .
A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them .
A boy lays on a picnic table bench .
A child is laying down on a wooden bench .
A child is on a bench with arms stretched out .
A little boy in a red shirt sitting on a wooden picnic table bench .
A little boy lies down on a picnic table bench .
Dogs fight in grass over toy .
On grass , two brown dogs tussle for orange toy .
Two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass .
Two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass .
Two large brown dogs are playing in the grass .
A boy and a person suspended above a dome structure .
A boy in a blue shirt is posing in front of an igloo type building with a person dangling from a rope above the building .
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope .
A boy stands near a structure outside .
a young man wearing a blue shirt with a strange white building in the background
A girl in a brown dress surrounded by children closes her eyes .
A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
a girl in yellow dress is standing with her eyes closed in a busy park .
A young girl in a white dress
Children at a park .
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket .
A man takes a picture of another man in an open area just off of a busy street .
A young man taking a picture of another young man outdoors
Young man takes picture of another young man in front of church .
A family sits on a bench near a beach .
A family sits on a bench overlooking the beach .
A man , woman , girl , and boy sit on a concrete bench by a beach .
Family sitting on a bench near the beach .
Taking a break while vacationing at the beach
A group of climbers begin up a sheer rock face .
A group of rock climbers climb a rock wall in a forest .
Many people are climbing the mountain surrounded by pretty green trees .
People at a distance trying to climb a cliff .
The flat side of a large , rocky mountain .
two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht
Two men climb the side of a boat .
Two men on the side of a barge
Two people outside cleaning windows while on a ledge of a boat .
Two people stand on the side of a large white and red boat .
Two children are laughing in the grass .
Two girls laughing outside in a yard .
Two girls standing on grass face each other .
Two young girls are playing and laughing in a green grassy yard .
Two young girls playing together .
A boy in a red and white shirt is on a swing .
A child looking back on a fast moving swing .
A litlle boy playing on a swing
A young boy in orange and white swings in a playground at a park .
A young boy plays on a swing .
A boy eats with a spoon .
A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth .
A little boy is eating his food off of a spoon while sitting on a patio .
A small child dressed in green is eating with a spoon .
A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair .
A girl walking alone at night on a street .
A woman in a blue coat and blue heels walks down a city sidewalk at night .
A woman walking down a brick sidewalk .
A woman walks down a brick sidewalk at night .
A woman walks down a city sidewalk at night .
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds .
A brown dog and a black dog are standing against each other in some grass
Two dogs are playing outside in a field .
Two dogs play in tall grass .
Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass .
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain .
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball .
A brown dog leaping to catch a ball .
A coppery dog leaps to catch a ball .
A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
A child in gray clothes is sleeping on a red cushion .
A little boy has fallen asleep on a miniature sofa and a pacifier in his mouth .
A sleeping child sucking on a pacifier .
A toddler wearing a pacifier is sleeping on a red blanket with a teddy bear at his side .
a young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair .
A baby girl playing at a park .
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision .
A young boy poses for a picture in front of a playground .
A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park .
There is a little blond hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground .
A girl in a helmet rides a horse .
A girl rides a horse .
A young girl wearing a helmet and riding a brown horse .
Girl with black helmet riding brown dappled horse
The little girl is riding in a brown horse .
a Korean man sells soda .
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans .
A man wearing glasses with aluminum cans lined up in front of him .
An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .
Vendor selling drinks in a stall .
The hatted males pose for a picture .
The two men are wearing tall hats , one hat is a red print and the other is gold colored .
Two men in tall hats frown at the camera
Two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup .
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera .
A person in a blue shirt sits behind two people sitting on a wood bench .
People sit on benches .
People sitting on benches in a public area .
Three people sit on wood benches set on white and orange tile .
Three people sit waiting in a lobby .
A man in sunglasses on an overpass .
A man looking at the camera with another man wearing a mask .
A man wearing sunglasses is standing next to a person who is wearing a hat and breathing mask .
The man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses .
There are two men with sunglasses , one of which is wearing a hat and a backpack .
A boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man .
A boy with goggles jumping into a pool containing a man .
A child is jumping into a pool while a man is watching the child
A swimming person is watching a child jump into a pool with blue water .
A young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water .
A boy flips off a diving board into a pool .
A boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool .
A child is diving into a pool .
A child jumping into a swimming pool from the diving board .
Child flips off pool diving board , man and another tumbling child at poolside .
A lady holds a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic .
A young woman in a blue shirt stands , holding a young girl in a denim dress .
There is a woman holding her baby daughter while the daughter claps .
A brown dog biting a gray dogs ear .
Brown dog biting a grey dogs ear .
Tan dog on grass with mouth open , about to bite gray dog 's ear .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field ; one dog is biting the ear of the other dog .
Two dogs are playing together on green grass .
Girls wearing sports uniforms and eye protection .
Several female lacrosse players are going after a ball .
These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey .
The woman lacrosse player in blue is about to catch the ball .
Women play lacrosse .
A dog in a number six jersey is running through a field .
A dog is leaping through the grass .
A dog is wearing a red number 6 and running through a field of green grass while being chased by a bird .
A white and tan dog leaps through the air .
The dog in a vest leaps in the air and there is a bird flying .
A brown horse and a black foal on the beach
A brown horse stands near a black horse that is sitting on the ground .
A large brown horse stands over a small black colt that is kneeling on the sand .
An adult horse approaching a foal on a sandy plain .
A thin brown horse standing and a small black horse sitting on sand .
A black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet .
A brown and black dog is laying on a shaggy rug .
a small brown and black dog lying down in a furry rug .
A small dog is sitting on white carpet .
A small dog shakes its head on a white shag carpet .
smiling girls in bathing suits sitting on the sand
A group of friends smile for a picture at the beach .
A group of young ladies in bikinis .
The three girls in bathing suits are all smiles .
The three girls sat on the beach .
A boy in a grey and white shirt looking at his reflection .
A boy looking at his reflection .
A little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall .
The child is looking at his reflection in glass .
The young asian boy looks at his reflection in the park .
A child in all pink is posing nearby a stroller with buildings in the distance .
A little girl in pink dances with her hands on her hips .
A small girl wearing pink dances on the sidewalk .
The girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller .
The little girl in pink has her hands on her hips .
a man sits on a rock .
A man sitting on a cliff in the mountains .
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff .
A person posing on a mountaintop .
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain .
The kids play in the wooded area near the water .
Three children in jackets looking at water 's edge looking at their reflections in a lake
Three children looking into the water on a wooded lakeside .
Three children play near a placid lake in a wooded area .
Three children stand next to a lake with their reflections on the water .
A close-up of a young girl with a pink shirt laying on grass .
A girl in a pink shirt lies on her back in the grass .
A girl wearing a pink shirt lays on the green grass and looks up .
A young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera
Girl in pink shirt with white writing lying in grass .
A man on bicycle riding down a rocky hill .
A man rides his dirt bike down a rocky trail .
A person rides a bike down a rocky hill .
Blurry picture of mountain biker descending rocky trail .
The mountain biker in blue rides down a rocky path .
Three children are playing in sand near to the beach .
Three children playing in sand at beach
Three girls play in the sand .
Three little blond girls , two in blue , one in pink , play on a sunny beach .
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball .
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball .
Girls in brightly-colred clothes plays with a blue ball .
The young girl is kicking a blue and red soccer ball .
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball .
A cat under the bench hissing with a dog growling and trying to get it .
A dog toys with a cat hiding under a bench .
A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench .
A snarling dog approaches a hissing cat .
Black and brown dog growling at brown cat hiding under wooden bench .
An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle .
A woman and a child are sitting on a motorized police vehicle .
A woman and a young boy sit on a police motorcycle and smile for the camera .
A woman and boy sit on a police motorcycle .
A woman and little boy sits on a police motorcycle .
A man in a red biker suit on a red dirt bike going down a muddy road .
a man in a red outfit is riding a red motorbike uphill on a motocross circuit .
A man in red riding gear riding a dirt bike down a path
A man riding a dirt bike up a muddy hill .
A motorcycle racer in a red jumpsuit and helmet rides up a dirt hill .
People walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall .
Three pairs of different-colored underwear hanging from a clothesline with people and cars in the background
Three pairs of granny panties hanging on a line .
three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter .
Three pairs of women 's underwear are hanging on a wire under an awning .
Person standing beside bike in stream .
Two bicyclists pose by a stream for a picture .
two biker walk across the ground .
Two off road bikers stopped in a creek .
Two people , in bike gear , stand with bicycles near a rocky waterbed .
A girl in a coral shirt with glasses is smiling while leaning against a fence .
A girl wearing a pink shirt and overalls is smiling and there is another child that is out of focus .
Children playing in stopped motion
Two children are standing on a green metal fence .
Two girls , one in overalls , holding on to a fence with water behind them .
A boy has his head down and is wearing a shirt that says ADHD .
a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down
The boy is wearing a black t-shirt with an AD parody of the AC logo .
Young boy wearing an AC t-shirt looking down .
Young boy with a black " ADHD " t-shirt nodding off
A boy playing in a lake
A child is splashing in the water
A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background .
A small child in water with a splash encircling him while the white clouds float over the mountains .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe .
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
A little girl with arms outstretched plays with others at a sprinkler park .
Children play in a water fountain .
Children playing in public waterspouts .
The two young girls , one wearing a skirt and the other wearing shorts , are playing in a bubbling fountain .
Two kids playing in a fountain at a water park .
A person drives in a red car .
A person in a red car , with a bridge in the background .
A person waits inside a red compact car .
A red car driving over a bridge .
The lady in the red car is crossing the bridge .
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .
A woman sits alone on a park bench in the sun .
A woman with a handbag is sitting on a wooden bench .
A young asian woman wearing long shorts and a gray collared t-shirt is sitting on a wooden bench .
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench .
A girl in a white shirt is sitting on a park bench with a dog next to her .
A woman eats on a bench while a brown and white leashed dog stands next to her .
a woman is sitting on a bench with a latte in her lap and a white dog on a blue leash to her side .
A woman sits on a bench at the park with her dog in front of her .
Woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog .
a biker enjoys a coffee .
A man in a bright green shirt and sunglasses is riding a bicycle through the streets whilst drinking a latte .
A man in a bright green shirt riding a bicycle in a paved courtyard , carying a drink .
A man rides on his bike with one hand and holds a drink with the other .
A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand .
A baby girl is attempting to climb out of her green crib
A baby in pigtails tries to climb out of their playpen .
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen .
A toddler is in a green playpen .
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen .
A man in a red jacket looking out over snow-covered mountains .
A man in red snow gear looks at an expanse of snow and mountains .
A person in a red and black ski outfit is looking over a snowy , mountainous landscape .
A person in a red coat looking out at a snowy landscape .
View from the summit
A black and white dog carrying a large stick
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
a dog holds a stick in its mouth .
A dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth .
A boy in blue with a football sprawls in the grass .
A boy laying on the grass face down with a football at his feet .
Boy is lying face down in the grass with his foot on a football .
The boy is on the ground next to the football .
The little boy fell face first into the grass while playing football .
girls seated at table with a candle covered with lit candles
A birthday celebration taking place for a girl who has reached age 5 .
Boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake .
Smiling children gathered around a birthday cake
Woman and four little girls , near cake with candles .
A black dog runs after another black dog who is carrying a ball .
Two black dogs are running on pavement
Two black dogs are trotting through an empty public area .
Two black dogs running
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape .
About 12 kids and a few adults get splashed by an off camera source .
A group of children are in a water fountain .
A group of children standing in a shallow pool of water .
A group of young kids play in the water on a sunny day .
Children and adults play with a sprinkler .
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow .
Beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow .
Cross-country skiers are traveling towards the mountains at sunset .
Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset .
The sun is almost behind the snowy mountains .
One man in red shirt and black pants with a man in white shirt and tan shorts , golfing .
Tree in the foreground , two men playing golf in the background .
Two golfers are standing on the fairway looking off into the distance .
Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun .
Two men looking into the distance on a golf course .
A girl is getting ready to swing the club .
A woman in shorts and a blue sleeveless shirt leans over a golf club .
A woman is taking a swing with a golf club .
A woman wearing a blue shirt and hat with khaki shorts plays golf .
A woman wearing blue begins a golf swing .
A man standing on a rocky mountain with gray clouds in the background .
A man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks .
A shirtless man is walking on a rocky hill
A shirtless man with a backpack .
A topless person with a backpack is shown against on a pile of rocks with a cloudy background .
A boy dressed in khaki shorts and a red shirt runs on a beach with green , white and blue structures and a half moon behind him .
A boy in a red sweater running on the beach
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach .
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach .
Young boy in red runs on beach and passes white , blue and green beach huts .
A boat on a lake .
A wakeboarder flies sideways in the air .
A waterskier performs tricks .
A waterskiing man does a flip behind a speedboat .
The waterskier does a flip behind a boat .
A man is pulled behind a boat on a knee board while another doing the same begins to fall .
Two boys wakeboard .
Two boys waterskiing .
Two people are wakeboarding in the water and are being pulled by a boat .
Two younger people are being pulled on watercraft behind a boat .
A group of people in costume at a renaissance fair .
People in costume at a renaissance fair .
Two woman in colorful costumes look at a little girl wearing a brown vest .
two women and a child are sitting by a cart of arrows in front of a booth at a medieval Fayre .
Two women crouch near a small child at a medieval fair .
Children sit and watch the fish moving in the pond
people stare at the orange fish .
Several people are standing near a fish pond .
Some children watching fish in a pool .
There are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish .
a boy in white plays baseball .
A young boy is getting ready to through a baseball
Little leaguer getting ready for pitch
The boy is wearing a white baseball uniform and holding a baseball .
The young Ohio baseball player contemplates his pitch .
a african-american woman stands in the crowd .
A dark-skinned woman in a blue dress is standing near a crowd .
A girl in a blue dress walks through a crowd of people .
A woman in a blue dress stands in a crowd .
The back of a lady wearing a blue halter top is shown , a crowd in the distance .
A boy with his mouth open and tongue sticking out clinging to a bar next to a platform .
A chidl climbs a latter as he sticks out his tongue .
A small boy climbing a backyard play set .
A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform .
The boy is climbing .
A black and tan dog in the snow
A Brown furry husky dog sticking out his tongue .
A dog wearing a blue harness stands in the snow and pants .
A Husky dog wearing green straps is turning its head away from the object in front of it .
A husky dog wearing the gear to pull a sled .
A group of dogs pull a person on a dog sled up a hill .
Dogsled rider pulled past flags on snowy hill .
Dogs pulling a sled in a sled race .
Five sled dogs are pulling a person on a sled , through the snow .
The man is mushing his dogs on a snow trail
A boy sitting in water .
A small boy is sitting in the water and water is splashing up through his legs .
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water .
A young boy sitting on a water jet in a pool .
Little boy sitting in water with a fountain coming up through his lap .
A snow dog in a red harness .
A white dog and a brown dog attached by harnesses .
A white dog with red straps on it is looking back .
The dog has red straps in its back .
The dogs are joined together with a red harness .
A black and a white dog on the snow .
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow .
Two dogs , one black and one white , face the camera in a field of snow .
Two dogs standing in the snow .
two dogs stand in the snow .
A big brown dog is jumping in the water and has his mouth wide open .
A brown dog barks over its shoulder in the water .
A dog jumping in the water at a beack .
A dog runs through the water as he looks up at the sky with his mouth open .
A dog with a collar running through the water
a brown dog is leaping into a garden swimming pool .
A brown dog leaps into a swimming pool .
A brown , fluffy dog jumping into a swimming pool after a red toy .
A dog jumps into a swimming pool after a toy .
A dog takes a leap of faith as he jumps into a pool to grab an orange toy .
A dog jumps for a red ball on the grass .
A white dog is jumping in the air attempting to catch a red ball .
A white dog jumping to catch a red ball .
A white dog with a blue collar plays with a red ball .
The dog is playing with a red ball .
A boy jumps from one picnic table to another .
A boy jumps from one table to another at a park .
A child is walking from one picnic table to another .
A young boy is running on picnic tables at a park .
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park .
A woman crouches down next to her terrier dog to smile at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk .
A woman in a red top and a small dog talks to a young girl .
A woman showing a small dog to an infant
A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog .
a woman with a brown dog is talking to a toddler who is sat on the ground .
A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper .
A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting .
A woman drawing portrait while a man on a cellphone watches .
A woman writing on a notepad near a portrait outdoors
Standing man on phone with seated woman writing , near artist 's outdoor display .
A girl dressed in a red and black top with black pants is sitting on a wall .
A girl in a red and black striped shirt sits on a brick wall in front of a tropical plant .
A girl wearing a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a brick wall near a flower garden .
A lady in a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a retaining wall .
A woman in semi-formal attire is sitting on a concrete wall .
A crowd of people are standing together on a sidewalk , while one man is taking a picture .
A guy in a blue sweatshirt taking a picture .
A man in a blue sweatshirt taking a picture
A person in a crowd views an electronic device .
A person in jeans and a blue sweatshirt aims a camera while standing near a crowd of people .
A crowd of people look at something out of frame , one man takes a picture .
A group of people stop to look at something while one takes a picture .
A woman with a shopping bag labeled " sale " stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera .
The man is taking a picture while the crowd gathers .
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag .
A backpacker in the mountains wearing an american flag .
A hiker carring an American flag .
A hiker with an American flag on his backpack walks through the woods .
A man is hiking on a mountain path with an American flag on his backpack .
A person hikes on a mountain .
A child is being swung by her arms while another child watches .
A child is sprawled underneath a blanket in midair .
A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand .
A young child is swung by his or her hands while another child sits on grass watching .
The little girl is being swung around by her arms .
A girl sits on a bar stool .
A girl sitting in a dark bar .
a woman sits at a dark bar .
Dark nightclub with chairs .
There a several people in a dark bar-type room , including one girl on a stool .
A blonde boy wearing a blue life vest and camo shorts jumps off a diveboard into a blue lake .
A boy diving backward off a pier in a large lake .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps into the water .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
A boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake .
a asian man gives an evil eye to the camera .
A man in a suit holds his cellphone in the air .
A serious looking young man with a suit holds a cellphone .
A young Asian man is looking at his cellphone .
Man in suit is using his cellphone while sitting on a train .
A boy in swimming trunks .
A toddler in blue shorts is laying face down on the wet ground .
A young boy laying face down in water .
Boy in shorts , face down in shallow , reflective water .
The boy in swim trunks is laying face down on a watery pavement .
Three boys in baggy bathing suits play in splashing water in front a of grey , block wall .
three boys in size order getting wet next to a wall
Three boys play in a spray of water .
Three boys playing in some water .
Three shirtless boys are playing in the water .
a boy in a blue shirt with dirt on his face
A boy with a dirty face smiles .
A child with a dirty face looks at the camera and smiles .
Blond child with dirty face holding yellow bottle with red cap , plants in background .
The boy has blonde hair and a dirty face .
A girl in a red and black leotard with white writing is standing next to a man in a cap and a girl in a hot pink and black and white checkered outfit .
A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him .
A man with a backpack and cap posing with two girls dressed in tight uniforms .
Two blonde models pose with a man under an umbrella .
Two woman posing with a guy .
A man hanging from bars outdoors
A man hangs onto the monkey bars at a jungle gym .
A man holding onto a jungle gym ladder .
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night .
A man swinging on the monkey bars
A baby boy wearing a shoulder life saver is at the very edge of an orange pool slide .
A little boy has gown down an orange slide .
A small boy in water wings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide .
A very young boy sliding down a slide into a swimming pool , wearing blue floaties .
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water .
A girl poses on the train tracks near a station
A woman wearing a green shirt stands on the railroad tracks .
A young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks .
Girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right .
The girl with the green tank top and grey shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track .
A girl in a tank top and jean capris stands on railroad tracks .
A girl is standing barefoot on the railroad tracks
a girl stands in the train tracks .
A young woman in jeans and a tank top standing on railroad tracks .
Girl is standing out on the train tracks .
A dark haired bearded man wearing a turquoise shirt with a yellow peace sign on it .
A man wearing a peace sign on his shirt smiles .
A man with a peace sign shirt stops to look at something .
A smiling bearded man wears a shirt with an orange peace sign
The T-shirt worn by the man has a bright orange peace symbol on the back .
A man in a feather hat looking down .
A person wears a headdress and sunglasses .
A woman in a floral print dress and a shaved head at a store .
A woman with a crazy hairdo is shopping outside .
The person wearing earrings is wearing a feathered hat .
The two dogs are running through a field of flowers .
Two dogs are running through a field of pink flowers .
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill .
Two dogs playing in a misty field filled with purple flowers
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather .
Two children on surfboards wave to each other .
Two children prepare to high-five while participating in water sports .
Two kids on wake-boards attempt to give one another a high-five .
Two kids wakeboarding simultaneously decide to signal for a high five .
Two young kids wakeboarding with one hand each in the air .
A man in street racer armor is examining the tire of another racer 's motorbike .
The two racers drove the white bike down the road .
Two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored .
Two people are in a small race car driving by a green hill .
Two people in racing uniforms in a street car .
A black dog carries an orange tennis ball in his mouth as he swims .
A black dog swims in the water .
A black dog , with a tennis ball in its mouth , swims through water .
A dog swims holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
The dog is swimming with the ball .
A boy wearing black sandals runs along the grass .
A child runs through a field .
A small male child running through the grass with a smile on his face .
A smiling boy runs through the grass .
A young boy is walking in a grassy field .
a boy in blue shirt splashing in water under a dock
A laughing girl holding a bucket splashes in the ocean
A young girl plays under a pier with a blue bucket .
Girls with a blue bucket is playing and splashing in the ocean water .
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier .
A boy is jumping from a body board into the ocean .
A boy splashing through the ocean .
A child running through the water .
A young boy running with a boogie board into the water
The little boy runs into the ocean .
One girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while another girl stands on the trampoline with one hand in the air .
One girl is doing a handstand on a trampoline while another girl watches
The children are playing on the trampoline .
Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline .
Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard .
A black and grey dog runs in a field with its tongue hanging out .
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass .
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out .
A dog with a red collar and its tongue hanging out runs through tall grass .
A dog with red collar is running in the field .
A person hanging from a telephone pole near the mountains .
A person is hanging in the air from the power lines .
A person is hanging upside down from power lines .
Person hanging upside down from poles
Someone is suspended from electrical wires .
Two little puppies chase each other on a stone wall .
Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area .
Two puppies walking on stones .
Two small puppies run along the edge of a stone wall nearby a heavily foliaged area .
two small tan puppies walking on a stone path
dogs running on a cold but sunny morning
A group of dogs is pulling a sled over snow as the sun sets .
Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow .
Sled dogs trekking through snow near a forest .
Two dogs walk through the snow .
A girl in a green dress plays with a Hello Kitty balloon .
A girl wearing a green and orange dress walks on the street with a balloon .
A little girl in an elaborate green and orange dress is chasing after a pink and white balloon figure .
A little girl on the street in a yellowish green and orange dress is holding a Hello Kitty balloon with her right hand .
The girl is wearing a green dress and holding a hello kitty balloon .
A boy and a girl are standing on a river bank facing the water .
A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake .
A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river .
Two people , a boy in yellow and girl in brown , standing at the shore of a lake .
Two people stand by the water 's edge .
A girl floating wearing a life vest .
A girl wearing a life vest floats in water .
A young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket .
a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake .
The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water .
A closeup of a little girl laughing .
A girl in a purple shirt and a pink snoopy hat is laughing .
A young girl wearing a snoopy hat and purple shirt stands smiling .
The girl in the purple top and shorts , wearing a hat , is laughing .
The little girl smiles at the camera with her eyes closed .
A girl in a bikini walks along the beach with huge clouds and a sandy beach behind her .
A young woman wearing a blue swimsuit top is standing on a sandy beach .
Beach scene with young woman in skimpy bikini top in foreground
Woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach
Young woman in a bikini top on the beach .
a boy enjoys a rain shower .
A boy in bathing trunks is standing under a water shower .
A boy in swim trunks screams while being sprayed with water .
A boy is squinting while being sprayed with water from a flat ground surface .
A boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain .
A brown dog is sitting in some long grass .
A brown dog sits still on a hillside .
A large tan dog sits on a grassy hill .
A large yellow dog is sitting on a hill .
The dog is sitting on the side of the hill .
A little girl holding hands with her ice skating instructor .
An older girl helps a younger girl ice skate .
The two girls hold hands with one another while they skate on the ice .
Two girls are ice skating with each other .
Two people go ice skating in a rink .
A little boy and a little girl are lying on a black bench surrounded by adults .
People at a museum standing by benches with two children laying down and one person sitting .
Two children and some adults are sitting on a row of black couches .
Two children lie on puffy benches at a museum while four adults look on .
Two tired children rest on couches at an art museum while the adults around them view the art .
A boy and a girl playing on the beach .
A small boy and girls are playing in the sand on the beach .
Two children , one of which is holding a stick , are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set .
Two children on the beach silhouetted by the setting sun .
Two young children playing with sticks at the beach .
A brown dog stands in a lush field with the stunning clouds and mountains behind it .
A golden dog walks on a trail through tall grass with mountains in the background .
A golden retriever walking through high grass .
a tan dog running through a field with his tongue hanging out
A tan dog walks along a grassy path with his long pink tongue hanging out .
A man sleeping with a bag on his lap on public transportation
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation .
An asian man in a suit on the subway , asleep .
A tired business man takes a quick nap while riding the train .
A young man in a suit and tie leans against a railing to take a nap on public transit .
People stand on a street corner at dusk , with a pharmacy in the background .
People stand outside of the Rite Aid pharmacy on Broadway .
People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign .
Some people look to cross the street in front of a drug store .
This is a picture of a Broadway Rite Aid Pharmacy that has a bright neon sign and people are prepared to cross the street in front of it .
A black and white dog is running in the grass .
A black dog is running across a low cut field nearby an area of trees .
a black dog runs through a field .
A dog runs in a field .
A large black and white dog is running through a grassy field .
A man wearing a tuxedo shirt , vest , and bow-tie is kissing another man wearing the same thing on the cheek .
A man with a shaved head is kissing another man on the cheek .
One man in a vest and tie plants a kiss on the cheek of another happy man .
One man kissing another man on the check and both are in white shirts with black vests .
One men is laughing while being kissed on the cheek by another man , both men are wearing formal wear
A man in glasses and an Asian woman are seated across from each other in a subway train .
People on a subway .
People sit inside a train .
Several people sit on a train .
Two men and one woman are sitting in a subway train .
A group of people stand on a balcony near a colorful circus building .
A woman and children navigate the balcony of an amusement ride .
A woman and two children walking through the upper levels of a carnival attraction .
People stand on a colorful balcony .
People walking in brightly-colored building .
Three women standing on a city street .
Three women walk down the street .
Two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk
Two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together .
Two young ladies in green boots are walking through an urban area while an older lady wearing black shoes follows them .
A baby swings in a swing near a wooden fence .
A baby wearing all white swinging on a swing .
A little girl is swinging in a baby swing on the playground .
A little girl rides in a child 's swing .
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A girl standing in the ocean
a girl walks in the ocean .
A woman in a red jacket stands on the beach facing the water as it covers her feet .
A woman is watching the tide .
Woman standing on the shore of a beach .
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods .
A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
A kid swings with his feet up in the air in a forest .
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing .
The girls are playing with foam swords .
Two girls sparring with a red and blue bat while another girl watches .
Two kids with helmets playing with Nerf swords while one looks on drinking from a plastic cup .
Two young girls playing with rubber swords in a park while a chaperone watches .
Two young girls with sponge bats being to play while an older girl is acting as the referee .
The two children make a funny pose in front of some bushes .
Two boys in blue shirts are doing funny poses .
Two boys in blue shirts wearing backpacks .
Two boys posing in blue shirts and khaki shorts .
Two boys wearing matching blue polo shirts strike a goofy pose .
A girls walks down the road holding a teddy bear .
A little girl holding on to a toy is running down a lane .
A little girl in a denim dress runs down a path .
A young girl wearing a blue dress runs down a gravel road with a teddy bear .
The little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear .
A backpacker walks down a rocky mountain .
A hiker walks down a rocky path towards land with water .
A man with a black and blue backpack hikes down a rock face .
Hiker climbing down a snow and rock covered mountain .
The man climbs through the rocks and snow .
A puppy plays with an adult dog in the snow .
One dog climbing on the back of another dog in the snow .
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs , on standing on the other in the snow .
Two yellow labs are playing in the snow .
three females wearing head scarves standing together
Three Muslim women are looking at a camera .
Three women in dresses and head scarves outside .
Three women in head scarves examine a camera .
Three women with head scarves and long skirts .
A brown dog is bending down trying to drink from a jet of water .
A brown dog slurps water from a sprinkler on the grass .
A dog drinking from a creek .
A large brown dog is sticking his face in the sprinkler .
Brown dog on grass , drinking water spray from left side of frame .
A boy pushing another boy up a pole .
Little boy pushing another little boy up the pole .
One boy is helping another boy to climb a green pole in the street .
one small boy climbing a pole with the help of another boy on the ground
The boy is trying to push another up a pole .
A man in a dress shirt and tie is standing in front of a sign selling donuts .
A man stands among cement fixtures in front of a donut shop .
A man with a white shirt and tie is standing on a sidewalk between cement barriers .
A well-dressed man in the street .
Man stands between concrete barriers near a donut shop .
A blond boy in a blue tee shirts stands smiling before a craft of green nylon fabric .
A child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
A small girl smiling on the beach .
A young kid at the beach .
a young man wearing swimming goggles wearing a blue shirt with a pirate skull on it
A man is playing a saxophone next to a fire hydrant .
A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant .
A man stands by a wall playing a saxophone .
Man playing musical instrument standing beside a yellow and red fire hydrant
The man is standing next to a fire hydrant and playing a saxophone .
A dog in midair cathing the red ball .
A dog retrieves a golf ball .
a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth .
A terrier who jumped up has a red ball in his mouth .
A Yorkie jumped into the air to catch a red ball in its mouth .
Two girls are walking down a dirt road in a park .
Two women walking down a dirt road with a man far behind .
Two women walking on an outdoor trail .
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees .
Two young women walk along a dirt road .
A few girls with green foam statue of liberty hats on a train
Some young adults are wearing green foam statute of liberty crowns .
Some young people take photos of each other while in New York .
Three woman with statue of liberty hats and taking a picture .
Two woman wearing statue of liberty hats get their picture taken in a subway .
A black and white dog jumping into a pool after tennis balls .
a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a lot of tennis balls in it .
A black dog jumps into a pool that has many yellow balls in it .
A dog jumps into a swimming pool to retrieve some floating tennis balls .
A dog swims in a pool .
A barefoot red-headed girl jumping over a rail .
a girl jumps on the trampoline .
A young girl jumping over a railing or a ladder on its side .
The small red haired girl jumps on the trampoline under the tree by the shed .
The young child with red hair bounced on the trampoline .
A brown dog on a leash runs through the white water .
A soaked dog is playing in the water .
A tan dog on a leash running in shallow ocean water .
A wet dog on a leash is running through some water .
Brown dog running through shallow water .
A boy wearing no shirt and some blue jeans is jumping in the air in the woods .
A guy leaps into the air in a wooded area .
A shirtless man jumps in a sunny forest .
a shirtless man jumps over a log .
The boy is jumping in the woods .
A man and a dog stand on a hill overlooking water .
a man walks his dog near the ocean .
an elderly man is walking a brown dog using a red leash .
An elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water .
An old man holding a camera while walking a small brown dog .
A blonde woman in a white tank top and sunglasses is talking to a man sitting next to boats on a rock surface .
A man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats .
A man and a woman sitting near small boats .
The man and woman are sitting by the boats .
Two people sitting beside a few small boats .
A young boy casting his fishing line off a pier
Children fishing off a bridge
People fishing over white fence
Young boy standing next to water casting his fishing rod with others next to him .
Young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing , other people are in the background .
A black and white dog jumping into a pool .
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A black dog jumping into a large pool .
A wet black dog jumps into a pool to fetch a ball .
Black and white dog leaps away from camera into pool .
A black and a white dog are running on the grass .
A black dog and a white dog race in a grassy field while spectators look on .
A white dog and a black dog running side by side on the grass while onlookers watch .
Two dogs , a pitbull and a black Labrador , run side by side .
Two dogs racing in a field , with people looking on .
A firefighter extinguishes a fire under the hood of a car .
a fireman spraying water into the hood of small white car on a jack
A fireman sprays inside the open hood of small white car , on a jack .
A fireman using a firehose on a car engine that is up on a carjack .
Firefighter uses water to extinguish a car that was on fire .
A man in a field backed by american flags .
A man is being thrown a Frisbee in front of a monument and flags .
A man is clapping at the base of the Washington Memorial .
A man stands in front of the Gateway Arch .
A man tries to catch a football on grass surrounded by American flags .
A boy is covered with marker .
A dirty child plays in the house
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker .
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door .
A young boy in a pullup is covered in marker ink .
A blonde girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
A young girl balances on wooden pylons at the beach .
A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
Girl walking along the tops of wooden posts set into sand on a beach .
A baby is laughing .
A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror .
A blonde haired toddler in a burgundy hoodie smiling .
a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection .
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling .
A man is climbing up a wall
A man wearing no shirt climbs the side of a large rock .
a shirtless man climbing up the rock wall with rope safety lines
Man without a shirt is climbing a rock .
There is a rock climber holding on and climbing to the top of a very large rock .
A female softball player making a pitch .
A girl is winding up to throw a softball .
A teenage girl is catching a softball during a game .
Kids playing softball .
Young girl playing softball with white house in background
A child is being thrown in the air playfully .
A man in an orange jacket playfully tosses a small girl into the air on an empty stretch of beach on an overcast day .
A man in an orange vest tossing a child into the air on the beach
A man throws a small child up in the air .
At a beach , a man in an orange vest tosses a young child into the air .
A fluffy white dog is coming out of a blue striped obstacle shute .
A small white dog running out of a tent .
A white dog is emerging from a blue canvas tunnel on an obstacle course .
The white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent .
White dog leaving blue-striped tent .
A man drives an old-fashioned red race car .
A red race car marked with the number seven is driven by a man in a blue and beige shirt .
Man driving race car number 7 .
The man is driving a small red race car around a track .
The red car has the number seven on the side in a white circle .
A girl carries a lot through the grass .
A girl in a forest carrying camping gear
A girl in an orange shirt and pink sandals carries equipment .
Little girl in rural area , carrying bags and stuffed animal .
Young girl carrying camping gear and a stuffed brown dog .
A girl in a flowered dress peaking through some leaves .
A girl peeks through the leaves on a tree .
a girl peeks through the green leaves .
A young girl peers through the green foliage .
A young girl 's face looking through leaves .
A boy is attempting to rock-climb a prefabricated wall .
A boy is climbing up an artificial climbing wall whilst attached to a rope .
A frightened little boy on a climbing wall .
Boy climbing a rock wall .
Young boy in climbing harness scaling a climbing wall .
A half-dressed man walks into a river at the bottom of a small waterfall .
A man is standing in water near a waterfall .
A man standing in the water at the base of a waterfall .
A man wades in the water and watches a waterfall .
The man stands in a body of water near a waterfall .
A big , black dog runs through the water , near the shore .
A black dog crossing a stream
A black dog is walking through a stream of water .
a black dog runs through the water .
A black dog walks through some water .
A boy sand surfing down a hill
A man is attempting to surf down a hill made of sand on a sunny day .
A man is sliding down a huge sand dune on a sunny day .
A man is surfing down a hill of sand .
A young man in shorts and t-shirt is snowboarding under a bright blue sky .
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth .
A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth .
A yellow dog running through a grassy area carrying something small in its mouth .
A young puppy with a red collar running with a leaf in its mouth .
The dog is carrying a toy through the grass .
a dog in a red jacket is running on the grass .
A dog wearing a red saddle is running across a field with low grass and trees nearby .
A dog with long hair and a red vest runs in the grass .
A tan dog wearing a red shirt runs through the grass .
The dog in the red vest runs in the field .
A black dog is running in the grass .
A black poodle is running through the grass .
A small black dog is in the grass .
The black dog is running through the grass .
The black dog is walking through the tall grass .
kids play in a blue tub full of water outside
On a hot day , three small kids sit in a big container filled with water .
The little kids sit outdoors in a small tub of water .
Three children squeeze into a plastic tub filled with water and play .
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass .
A black dog retrieves a cloth from a streambed .
A dog drags a white rag through an almost-dried up creek .
A dog is wading in a river with a towel in its mouth .
A dog walking through a small stream with a rag in his mouth .
A dog walking through a stream carrying a white towel in its mouth
A boy holds his hands on his head .
A child with his hands on his head .
A little boy in a striped shirt has his hands on his head .
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
The blond boy wearing a striped shirt is walking through the grass .
A helmeted man jumping off a rock on a mountain bike .
A man jumping on his bmx with another bmxer watching .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a rock as another cyclist stands on the trail watching .
A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike .
The bike rider jumps off a rock .
A climber is attempting to climb around an overhang above the woods .
A man climbs up a cliff and reaches an overhang .
A man is rock climbing under a large cliff .
A person is rock climbing .
Climber on rock formation using ropes .
A boy rides on a tire swing .
A boy swinging on a tire-swing .
A small boy in a horizontal tire swing .
Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .
Young boy swinging on a tire swing .
A group of people walking across a rope bridge .
A woman is crossing a rope bridge .
A woman is crossing a rope bridge in the trees with other people waiting at one end .
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area .
three people are crossing a rope bridge hung between pine trees .
Three dogs looking at a cement ledge .
Three dogs on a sidewalk .
Three small dogs sniff at somthing .
Three small dogs , two white and one black and white , on a sidewalk .
Two white dogs look at one black dog on a paved walkway .
People stand in corridor looking from balcony as another person walks dog
People stand inside a windowed structure .
Three people and a black and white dog in bright industrial corridor .
Three people enjoying the view in a modern building .
Two people look over a terrace wall .
A large man sits in the back of a canoe with another man in front on a river .
two man are paddling a kayak along a river with green trees on either side .
Two men in a small boat rowing down a river .
Two men paddling a canoe down a narrow stream .
Two paddlers propel a canoe down a tree-lined stream .
A wine shop with an open sign in the window and two people out front .
The Wine Shop
The Wine Shop on Twenty Fourth building lit up in the dark , two people in front .
Two people are standing outside of a wine shop .
Two people stand outside a wine shop .
A man and a woman standing outside a restaurant .
A man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house .
The woman in a red jacket is talking to a man outside of a store .
Two people are standing outside of a coffee house .
Two people stand outside a restaurant in the city .
A dog jumping in the air to retrieve a stick from a man .
A dog leaps for a stick held by a man .
a man in shorts with a dog jumping to get the stick in his hand
Man playing with a brown dog on a dirt path .
The dog is jumping for the item the man is holding above his head .
A man , a gun , and a dog .
A man aiming a rifle with a dog standing beside him .
A man shoots a rifle while a dog looks on .
Man aiming a rifle with his dog at his side .
The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches .
A man sits at a table in front of a computer wearing headphones .
A man with headphones on is looking at a computer screen while sitting at a table .
A young man is sitting at a table with a laptop and earphones .
A young man with headphones looking at a Macintosh laptop computer .
Man sitting with headphones at a laptop .
A man is snowboarding over a structure on a snowy hill .
A snowboarder jumps through the air on a snowy hill .
a snowboarder wearing green pants doing a trick on a high bench
Someone in yellow pants is on a ramp over the snow .
The man is performing a trick on a snowboard high in the air .
A brown dog laying on a blue cover .
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet .
A dog lying on a blue cloth dog bed .
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet .
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet .
The girls walk down the street .
Two asian females go walking .
Two women walking .
Two young women walking .
Two young women walk past a door in a white wall .
A woman is looking at dressed , headless mannequins in a store display .
A woman looking at clothing on a mannequins .
A woman looks at some mannequins in a window display .
A woman is looking at a display case with three outfits on a backdrop of bright yellow .
Woman looking at dresses in window of a clothing store .
a boy is playing with a camera whilst standing on a dirt track .
A child in a field .
a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
A young child stands in a path in a field of sunflowers .
Small child with black hair standing in car track near sunflowers .
Two girls looking out over a lake towards a man fishing .
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish .
Two girls sit along a lake while a man in the background fishes
Two little girls in bathing suits sit on the shore of a lake , watching someone fishing from a boat .
Two little girls in pink bathing suit tops sit on rocks by the water .
Two bicycles are standing behind two people sitting on the grass near a body of water .
Two blonde women sit beside their bicycles in the grass beside a body of water .
Two girls are sitting on a path by a river with their bicycles parked beside them .
Two people are sitting by a pond , next to their bikes .
Two women sitting in the grass with their bikes behind them .
An old man is sitting on a stone bench .
An old man sits .
An old man with a blue shirt is looking askance with people behind him .
There are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside .
Two old men sitting on the dock .
men are standing beside a stonesign
A man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around
These men are standing next to a " Penzance welcomes you " stone .
Three men standing near a large stone sign .
two men in hi-viz jackets are talking to a man in suit next to the Penzance welcome sign that is carved into a rock .
A child pushes a doll in a baby carriage .
A little girl pushing a baby doll stroller
A little kid in blue shoes is pushing a toy baby in a stroller .
A small child pushes a stroller down the street .
a young child carrying a doll in a stroller
A man , leaning against a concrete wall with his arms resting on top , looks over a balcony .
A man with a white mustache stands on a balcony looking at the road below .
A man with grey hair and a plaid shirt looks out over a balcony .
An elder man overlooks a balcony facing a street .
Man leaning on ledge of a balcony .
A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a florescent green bag .
A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone .
A woman speaks on her cellphone with her purse and a yellow bag on the ledge next to her .
A woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others .
This woman is smiling and talking on the phone while sitting on a stone wall .
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field .
Three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass .
Three dogs play in a field near a house to the right .
Three dogs , two black one brown , are playing in a grass field .
Two black dogs and one brown dog in tall grass .
A girl with pink streaked hair and fur uggs looks back while the girl walking next to her looks at her .
Two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt , the other is wearing a beaded belt .
Two girls walking down the street .
Two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera .
Two young girls wearing goth clothes .
a lone woman sitting on an usual green bench with a cup in her hand
A woman sits on a flower pot at a crowded coffee shop .
The woman sat on a green bench and had a drink .
Woman holding a drink with a white bag next to her is sitting on a green sculpture .
Woman sitting on a turquoise bench with a pillow and a bag near a restaurant .
A boy stands beside a railing at a go kart track .
A little boy grinning with a go cart in the background .
A little boy in a red shirt is making a face into the camera while waiting at a go cart track .
A little boy is standing in line for go-karts .
The small boy is excited he will be riding a go-cart .
Two children climb into the back of a vehicle from the front seat .
Two children in swim trunks climb through a car
two small boys wearing only their underwear climbing a bench in a van
Two young boys are climbing over the seat in a vehicle .
Two young boys , wearing just underwear , climb around a vehicle .
A black dog carrying an object out of the water .
A black dog carrying some seaweed out of the water .
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth .
A black dog with a stick in its mouth is walking out of the water onto a beach .
A dog retrieves a branch from on a beach .
A dog waits as his owner rummages through a collection of stuff .
A man holding the leash of a pug bends down to look in a bin at an outdoor rummage sale .
A man with a pug dog bends over to pick something off the sidewalk .
A man with a pug on a leash bending down to examine merchandise .
A person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items .
A brown dog carrying a black object .
A dog retrieving in the water .
A dog with a water pack is walking through clear green water .
The dog is running through the water carrying a black and yellow object in its mouth .
The Irish Setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond .
A father and a child are playing in the pool
A frightened little boy being pulled up and out of a pool by his father .
A man is pulling a little boy out of the water .
A man lifting a little boy out of the water .
Small boy wearing a blue shirt being brought up out of water by man in white shirt and wearing glasses .
A boy with glasses is standing on top of a rocky peak with hands in his pockets .
A man posing in a rocky area
A man standing in front of several cliff faces .
A man wearing blue pants and a blue hat is standing on top of a mountain .
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .
A boy with a green balloon is standing outside of a large building .
A man with a green star balloon standing to the side of the door of an ancient looking building
A man with a green , star-shaped balloon is standing in front of a large building .
A young man holding a green balloon shaped like a star in front of a large stone building .
A young man with a green star balloon is standing next to an expansive door and building .
A man hangs upside in the air over the water .
an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board
A person did a side flip while water boarding .
A person upside down on a water board .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
A man in a blue shirt , cowboy hat and a cross neckless walking in front of a carnival or amusement park ride .
A man in a hat , white shirt and gold chain with a cross .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and a gold cross around his neck
A man wearing a white shirt , gold cross , and a cowboy hat is standing in front of a roller coaster .
A man with a hat is walking
A group of people waits for their luggage in the Las Vegas airport .
An overhead shot of people gathered in a casino .
People are waiting to get their luggage .
People wait for their luggage at the airport .
People waiting for their bags in an airport .
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass .
One dog chases another on the green grass .
The dogs are running through the yard .
The light brown dog and dark brown dog are running in the green grass .
Two brown dogs are running on the grass .
A man is carefully skiing down a snow covered hill wearing a backpack .
A person skis down a snowy hill .
A skier wearing a black backpack is making his way down a hill .
a skier with poles is walking through the snow
A skier carefully walks down a steep snow slope .
A girl in an innertube enjoying the lake .
A girl swimming with an innertube saying something .
A young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube .
Girl with innertube in water
Young girl in pink and green bikini , swimming with a rubber ring .
A man and a girl sit inside a floating tube in the water .
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube .
A man and a young girl in a pink bathing suit float together on an inflatable tube in the water .
A man and girl float on the water in an innertube .
This man and little girl are relaxing in an innertube on the water .
A man smiles and holds onto a rope on a boat .
A man wearing a brown shirt is talking to a man in a white shirt .
A man with a brown t-shirt holds on to a wire while another man looks on .
Two men on a boat .
Two men one has a white shirt and other one has on a brown shirt and sunglasses .
A lady dressed in shades of black waits on the sidewalk for a train .
A skinny girl in large boots is standing by the roadside .
A tall , thin , brunette girl wearing combat boots standing on a sidewalk .
A woman standing by a wire fence on a sidewalk .
Woman in zebra print top and tight jeans standing on a curb .
A child is in a harness with onlookers .
A girl is hooked to bungee cords as the crowd behind her watches .
A girl sits in a harness ready to lift up into the air and behind her is a sign that says " active . "
Little girls strapped into harnesses ready to jump up in the air .
The small girl is sitting in a harness , strapped to a tether , while others watch .
A boy in red and blue shorts is trying to catch a soccer ball while running in sand .
A young boy wearing a red bathing suit reaches for a soccer ball .
Kid guards face from soccer ball
The little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him .
Young boy plays ball on the beach .
Four children are playing on a hill of sand .
Four children playing in the sand at a beach .
Four children playing on a sand dune .
Four kids are sliding down a mountain of sand .
Four kids rolling and sliding down a sand dune .
a dog trots through the grass .
A fluffy white dog is outside .
A white dog competing in an agility event .
A white dog lifts its paw as it stands on the grass near striped poles .
The small furry white dog is walking in the green grass .
A boy high-fives a mannequin .
A child 's palm is up against the palm of a crash test dummy .
A little girl high-fives a yellow robot .
A yellow robot and young girl touch each other 's hands .
A yellow robot high-fiving a small child with short hair .
A black dog in front of a white dog walking on a path in a forest .
A white and a gray dog walking along a path in the wood .
Grey and black dogs running away down forest path
These two dogs are walking in a forest .
White dog and black dog going down trail in wooded area
A climber in an orange helmet is ascending attached to a rope whilst climbing a rock face .
A gentleman is rock climbing .
A man rock-climbing
A rock climber ascends .
Downward view of a man with an orange helmet climbing a rock .
A dog is running along a beach on a sunny day .
A dog running at the beach in front of the ocean and a bright blue cloudy sky .
A dog runs along the short at a beach .
A lean dog runs along the beach .
Slender dog running in the sand on a sunny day .
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
A man in a harness lands in the water .
A man on a tag line going into the water .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water .
One dog shaking the water off , getting a second dog wet
Two dogs are shaking off water while playing with a ball on the edge of a body of water .
Two dogs shake off water in an area with very little vegetation .
Two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach .
Two dogs shaking themselves dry on the sand .
A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background .
A man with a harness and rope attached to his waist is standing on top of a mountain overlooking water .
A rock climber pauses to look out over the ocean .
The male rock climber takes a look over his shoulder at the view of the lake and city .
The man has just finished hiking up a rock
A man looks up at the cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue ocean .
A man rock climbing near the ocean .
A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route .
A man rock climbing , with a city and a bay in the background .
A rock climber with a city and bay behind him .
A boy dressed as a pirate glares at the camera while boats sit in the background .
A boy with an eye patch and a bandanna on his head stands in the harbor and makes a fist .
A young boy in a pirate outfit is near the docks
A young kid wears an eye patch and a bright colored bandanna .
Boy with eye patch and headscarf , boats in background .
A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit .
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
A little girl in a flower swimsuit running across the beach with waves in the background .
There is a little girl running on the beach .
The young girl is running on a sandy beach .
A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp .
A small child climbs onto the arm of a red couch .
Baby indoors , climbing on red couch arm , reaching for lamp .
Small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp .
Woman sitting on a red couch inside the house .
A boy hits a baseball with the bat .
A boy swings a baseball bat , and a catcher stands behind him .
A kid hits a baseball during a game .
A little boy in a teal uniform swinging a baseball bat .
The boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out .
A little boy points to the face of another little boy in base in a baseball game .
a little league player points to another player .
A young baseball player is pointing a finger in the face of a player on the other team .
Two boys on oppsite sides of the baseball teams arguing with each other at a base .
Two little league players are next to a base in the field .
A child jumps on a sand dune .
A girl in a sandy area .
A girl jumping in sand .
A girls is jumping in the sand .
The girl wearing the pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand .
These three young men are standing on a mountaintop .
Three are standing on a mountain .
Three men are standing on top of a mountain .
Three men posing with scenic mountains in the background
Three men standing in front of a mountain peak .
A boy jumping off of a cement block .
A boy plays with outstretched arms on the sidewalk next to a cobblestone street .
A boy wearing a blue t-shirt is jumping up in the air on a city street .
A boy with his arms stretched out to his left .
A young boy wearing blue jumps off of a cement sidewalk .
A man in red shorts jumping in back of a volleyball net .
A man in red shorts jumps behind a volleyball net .
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball .
Athletic man spiking volleyball .
Guy in red shorts jumping up in front of volleyball net
A girl in boots is active in the grass .
A girl is playing in the mud near a car .
A young girl in front of a silver car wearing boots , demonstrates some interesting moves .
Little girl moving quickly on grass beside silver car .
The little girl is spinning around making her hair fly in front of the silver car .
A person is laughing on a roller coaster ride .
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day .
People are in a ride that drops you from a great height .
People on an amusement park ride .
People on a ride at a fair .
A man holds a drink in one hand and looks at his cellphone .
A man stares intently at his cellphone as he carries a green-colored drink .
A man wearing glasses is reading his cellphone and holding a drink in the other hand .
The man holds a drink and uses his cellphone .
The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone .
A vendor in all pink and red clothing is preparing her wears while looking forward .
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
A woman wearing a floral necklace makes a drink and smiles .
The lady is selling freshly squeezed lemonade .
The woman is squeezing juice to make drinks .
A man and woman are at a catered dinner getting food .
An Asian couple dip their plates at a buffet .
A young man and a young woman serve food
Girl and boy serving food on plate
Two young people serve food .
Two children peek out .
Two children with brown hair in a trunk of a car .
Two small children pop their heads out of the trunk of a car in cold weather .
Two small children sitting in the trunk of a car .
two young children sitting in the trunk of a car
Two guys standing side by side .
Two male spectators
Two men are watching something .
two men wearing black in a city
Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something .
A baby plays with a young boys face .
A baby touches the mans face while he is lying down .
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler .
A little baby holds the head of his older brother
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy .
A man dressed in a white shirt , blue baseball cap while wearing gloves , holding a red and white checkered food wrapping .
A man in a white shirt and blue hat is speaking .
A man wearing a white shirt and gloves is holding a checkered box .
An older man in a baseball cap
Man in white shirt and black cap hands out food tray .
A black and white dog jumps over a pole while splashing water around .
A wet dog is jumping over a hurdle .
a wet dog jumps over a bar .
A wet spaniel clears a jump .
A wet , white dog is jumping over obstacles .
A man in an orange hat pulls a cigarette out of a box .
A man reaches into his pack for a cigarette .
A man takes out a cigarette .
A man with a orange hat and a brown jacket has a cigarette in his mouth .
There is a man with a brown hat lighting a cigarette .
A fisherman is reeling his rod while another relaxes in a boat on water .
A man in a gray cap fishing .
A man sits in a boat and holds a fishing pole while another lays down .
a man wearing a grey hat fishing out of a fishing boat .
Two men in a boat fishing .
a man wearing blue has a Mohawk
A man with a brown Mohawk and white shirt is wrapping his arm .
A man with gelled hair in a Mohawk style sitting in the shade .
The man has a large Mohawk and is sitting outside .
The man is tying a yellow ribbon on his wrist .
A boy wears a ninja suit and strikes a pose .
A child in a black overall karate costume with a red front and yellow bird on it , attacking .
A masked person in a fight stance .
A person in costume doing martial arts .
The person is wearing a black and red outfit and is practicing combat .
A child dressed as a ninja is jumping through the air under a large tree .
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .
A man wearing a martial arts uniform is jumping through the air .
A person with a black and red outfit and a black hood is up in the air .
a young ninja jumps into the air .
A hiker poses in a green field with sheep .
A man carrying a backpack on his back walks in a large field of grass .
A man in a field wearing a backpack and there are sheep and mountains behind him .
A man wearing a hiking backpack is leaning on a wooden pole
A man wearing a black shirt is standing next to a pole in a grassy field .
A hiker resting in a field .
A man enjoys a peaceful solitary moment while camping .
a man relaxes with his backpack .
A man sits on a field near a backpack .
A man with a backpack takes a rest in the tall grass .
Two children hang from a metal bar close to the ground .
Two little girls are hanging by their arms from a metal bar .
Two little girls hang on a bar in front of a wooden fence .
Two little girls , wearing pink hanging on a tube .
Two smiling little blonde girls in pink pants swing from a metal bar .
A little boy walking on railroad tracks .
A little boy walks along railroad tracks in the woods .
little boy walking with stick on tracks
The little boy walks along the railroad tracks with his stick .
There is a little boy in a red jacket walking down the railroad tracks and holding a stick .
Two big German Shephard dogs play in the water .
Two black dogs splash around on the beach .
Two dogs are playing with each other on a beach by the ocean .
Two dogs playing in water on the beach
Two dogs play together splashing in a lake
A dog on two legs with its mouth opened toward a blue ball in the air .
A white dog catching a blue ball
A white dog jumps to catch a blue ball in a living room .
The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball .
Two dogs in a family room are playing , one is catching a ball in its mouth .
A girl begins to climb a red piece of playground equipment .
A little girl climbing at a playground .
a little girl dressed in yellow is holding onto two red handles .
A small girl dressed in yellow wearing flip flops climbing onto red playground equipment .
A young girl makes her way onto red recreational equipment .
A girl touches a boys face ; both are smiling .
A girl with her eyes closed is touching a boy 's cheeks .
Little girl laughing and touching a boy 's face as they lean toward each other .
Two children , a boy and a girl .
Two children facing each other and laughing .
A crowd of people are sitting in seats in a sports ground bleachers .
a group of people sitting at a sporting event .
A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign .
People wait patiently in the seats for the show to begin .
Two men wearing hats are shown at the front of a crowd of people .
A man in a suit along the railing of a balcony that has a very high view .
a man stands alone near a white fence .
A man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town .
A man stands at the end of a pier reading a book against a blue sky .
Man is standing next to the railing with beautiful clouds in the background .
A child in a black shirt standing on a wooden dock near a picnic table .
A little boy is smiling for the camera on a playground
A young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier .
A young child stands on a wood dock next to the water .
Boy in green sweater with white stripe on sleeve standing on wood planked floor with body of water in the background .
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti
a man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue door .
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .
A skater rides his board on a ramp .
The boys rides his skateboard up the wall .
Two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak .
Two people pose for a picture amidst a snowy , rocky landscape .
Two people standing at the edge of a snow covered cliff .
Two people standing on top of a rock in the middle of snow and cloud .
Two people stand on the edge of a recently snowed on cliff .
A woman and a boy are making hamburgers in the kitchen .
A woman in a white shirt prepares a large meal of hamburgers .
A woman is holding a jar of mustard and a boy is looking at a tray of hamburgers .
The woman has a blue shirt on with a kid to her side , and she is making hamburgers .
Woman and young boy stand in a kitchen with a spread of burgers in front of them .
Children climbing statue .
Small children climb a statue in a park .
Two children climbing on top of art .
Two children playing on a statue
Two little kids crawl up to a large statue outdoors .
A white dog and a black dog in a field .
A white dog with a branch in his mouth and a black dog .
A white dog with a stick in his mouth standing next to a black dog .
Two dogs are standing next to each other , and the white dog has a stick in its mouth .
Two dogs stand in the brown grass .
a bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning .
A bald man with tattoos on his head a face stands with a man in tan with backs turned to the camera .
Two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat .
Two men , one of which is bald , in a bathroom .
Two men walk down a street , one with a black shirt and facial tattoos .
A lady sitting down and someone with black shorts and shoes
A lady with a scooter sits on the side of the sidewalk .
A woman sits on the curb next to a scooter talking to a man .
The lady rest on the curb after riding her razer .
The woman is sitting on a short concrete wall next to a scooter .
A mother helps her little boy eat his food by feeding him by hand .
A mother is trying to get her son to eat food at a restaurant .
At a table in a restaurant , a girl is trying to get a little boy to eat .
A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table .
Woman sitting at table feeding child who is sitting on her lap
A man in the near distance is pointing to a silver sedan near him .
A man is playing tennis with himself against a large wall in a parking lot .
A man walks toward a car in a parking lot .
Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark .
The man is playing tennis against the building .
A man and a woman are standing on the curb .
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels stands on the sidewalk next to a man .
Two people are standing near a curb outside a store .
Two people standing on the side of a city street .
two people wait to cross the street .
A man holding a fish .
A man holds a fish in both hands .
A man holds a large fish on a boat .
Someone is holding up a green fish for display outdoors .
The person in blue jeans holds a yellow fish .
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men , one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom .
A man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people .
A muscular man in yellow pants .
The man in the yellow pants is raising his arms .
There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants .
A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill .
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill .
A man with a big backpack is walking through a grass trail up a hill .
Person hiking up a grassy trail toward a large hill .
The hiker is following a trail uphill .
A baby lies almost completely covered by bright colored plastic balls .
A child hidden by balls
A number of colorful balls hide children .
A young child partially concealed by a pile of colored balls .
There are many different colored balls .
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog is in the water .
A white dog treads the water with sticks in its mouth .
A white dog with red collar splashes in the water .
The dog is wading through shallow water while holding something in its mouth .
A man is carrying a large backpack and looking over some green fields .
a man wears a backpack .
A man with a large hiking backpack outside
A person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view .
Person with a backpack in a field
A child rides on a man 's shoulders .
A child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man 's shoulders .
A man carrying a girl on his shoulders .
A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man 's shoulders and holding his head .
A white man with carrying hair and a beard with a child on his shoulders .
A man riding his bike on a hill .
A man with helmet and backpack standing on dirt bike in a hilly grassy area .
A person rides a motorbike through a grassy field .
Man on motorcycle riding in dry field wearing a helmet and backpack
The biker is riding through a grassy plain .
A boy in a black helmet and red long sleeve shirt rides his motorbike over a rocky stream .
A man on a motorcycle steers through swampy terrain
A man rides his bike over rocks and a creek .
A motocross bike is being ridden between markers in a running stream .
A person is dirt biking over rocks and water .
A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a toy as another dog watches .
A black and white dog jomps over another black and white dog to catch a cloth Frisbee .
A black and white dog leaps for a flying disc while another one watches .
The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee .
The white dog with black spots is catching a red Frisbee .
A climber is suspended on an overhang that overlooks a tree covered hill .
A man is hanging from a cliff while rock climbing high above .
a man mountain climbing hanging under a rock
A person hangs from a rocky cliff as they try to climb .
Someone is rock climbing and hanging under the edge of a cliff .
A man wearing a backpack is climbing a rock .
A person climbing a large moss-covered rock
A person in an orange helmet climbs up a sheer cliff face .
A rock climber looks up while traversing a route .
This person is rock climbing .
A man standing on a cliff
A person is standing at the top of a rocky cliff overlooking land .
A person standing on a ciff looking down at plains and trees .
A person stands on the top of a cliff as another attempts to climb it .
Man stands on distant cliff overlooking a green valley .
A climber scales a steep rock face .
A man is climbing a rope up a cliff .
A man using a pink rope to climb down a cliff .
A person is climbing up a rock with a pink rope .
A person scaling a rocky ledge , with a rope supporting .
a man in a harness climbing a rock wall
A man with a white shirt and helmet is climbing a mountain .
A man in a white shirt and helmet is using climbing equipment .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
Man rock climbing looking up the rock
A boy climbing a rock face
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope .
A man climbing a cliff with a rope .
A man climbs steep rocks .
A man rock climbing in the forest surrounded by light .
A boy is smiling whilst standing in front of a swimming pool .
A boy smiles standing in front of a swimming pool .
a boy standing by a swimming pool
a kid smiling at the swimming pool
Smiling boy standing near the pool .
The two dogs are in the water retrieving a stick .
Two dogs are holding the same stick in their mouths while in the water .
Two dogs in the surf holding on to the same stick .
Two dogs in the water fighting over a stick .
Two dogs swimming with a stick .
A man plays Frisbee with his dog .
A man with a Frisbee and a dog in the air with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown .
Small dog catching a Frisbee .
The man and dog , which is leaping into the air , are playing Frisbee .
A child slides down a colorful slide while another child watches
A girl going down a slide .
A girl in a pink shirt slides down an inflatable fun slide .
A little girl and a little boy playing on a bouncy ride .
Young girl sliding down an inflated slide
A black and tan dog plays with a centipede toy .
A dog tags a nap on a rug near his favorite toy , a plush centipede .
A short long haired dog plays with a multi-colored stuffed toy centipede .
A small brown and black dog plays with a colorful caterpillar toy on a tan burbur carpet .
Yorkshire Terrier plays with multicolor centipede toy .
A black and white dog climbs a leaning tree trunk .
A black and white dog is walking up a bent tree .
A gray dog climbs up a slanted tree .
A gray dog is climbing up a low tree branch in a park .
A gray mottled dog stands on the sloping trunk of a tree overlooking a grassy field .
Children participate in a sport on a green field while in uniforms .
The young soccer player enjoys the game .
Two girls in soccer strips are playing on a sports field .
Two girls play on a fenced in field .
Two girls wearing black and white uniforms run down a grassy field .
A black puppy is biting a tree limb .
A brown puppy chewing on a tree branch .
A puppy dog is playing with a branch .
A puppy is gnawing on a plant branch in an uncut grassy area with wood and a barrel nearby .
A young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard .
A Jack Russell Terrier is measured for distance jumping as he tries to catch a Frisbee .
A small dog is jumping high in the air to catch a Frisbee in front of some bleachers
A white dog catches a Frisbee in a jumping pool .
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
a white dog jumps really high to get his fribee .
Kids running across the grass .
Three young boys are running on grass .
Two boys , one wearing glasses , run across grass . Third child partially in shot .
two young boys running on a grassy field
Young boys running on grass .
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass .
There is a white dog and a chocolate colored dog running in the grass .
Two dogs are playing together in the grass .
Two dogs play in a grassy field .
Two dogs running on grass .
A girl takes a picture with her hand over the camera lens .
A little girl holding a camera .
a small child wearing a grey and purple shirt playing with a black camera .
Little girl looking through a camera .
Thie little girl is taking a picture with a camera .
A boy sits in a toy car while drinking from his sippy cup .
A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car .
A toddler in a red toy car drinks from a juice cup
The boy sits in his toy car sipping from a cup .
The child sits in a toy car and drinks from a sippy cup .
Two children are shown upside down .
Two girls lay upside down on their bed .
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
Two teen girls hang playfully from the side of the bed
Two women are laying upside down on a white bed .
A big black dog chases a big brown dog with a green object in his mouth while another big brown dog tags behind .
A brown dog holds an object in its mouth while a black dog tries to take it away . Another brown dog looks on .
Three dogs fight for a green chew toy on a stone walkway .
Three dogs running together on a paved walkway .
Two dogs chase a third dog with a toy .
a group of young girls smiling with a large crowd behind them
Four girls pose in front of a crowd .
Four young girls pose for a picture at school
Four young girls posing for the camera .
Some young girls standing in a group some with their arms around each other .
A boy doing a handstand on the beach .
A child does a handstand on the sand at the beach .
A child doing a handstand on the beach .
A little boy does a cartwheel on the beach .
A little boy doing a handstand on the beach .
A boy is catching an orange Frisbee in front of a wooden gate .
A boy is trying to catch a Frisbee in a field .
A boy plays outside near a wooden fence .
A child in a blue cap is near an unpainted wooden fence .
A little boy stops a Frisbee with his face outside .
A bird is standing on a rock overlooking a waterfall .
A bird watches the waves crash over the rocks .
A long-necked bird standing on a rock with waves crashing in the background .
A long-necked bird standing on rocks by river rapids .
An egret stands on a rock at the edge of a river .
A man in a blue canoe battling through rough waves
A man kayaks through rough water .
A man rows a blue kayak through white water rapids .
Man paddling in blue kayak in the water .
The kayaker braces himself as he goes down the river .
A group of bicyclists getting ready for a ride .
A group of cyclists is pausing nearby a green and tan sign .
A group of men are standing around and drinking water with their bikes .
A group of men chat and drink water from water bottles while standing by their bicycles .
Men in athletic clothing stand near bicycles .
A girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth .
A girl with a striped shirt with bread in hands in front of mouth .
A little girl is eating a piece of bread .
The little girl in the striped shirt is eating some bread .
This girl is eating a piece of bread in her striped shirt .
A band of cellos and violins playing in front of a crowd at The Market Gallery .
An orchestra performs .
Five people playing string instruments in public .
Many people are performing music in front of an audience .
The string quintet plays for an audience .
A girl in sunglasses sits in the branches of a tree .
A woman in jeans and a tank top is sitting in the middle of a tree in bloom .
A woman sits up in the tree looking down .
Girl is sitting high up in a tree .
The barefoot woman in sunglasses sits in the tree .
A man is sitting in room made up of wood panelling .
A man sits at a table in a room .
Man sitting at a table in a restaurant .
The man in the button up shirt is sitting at a table .
There is a man sitting in a restaurant at night .
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road .
A group of children in blue uniforms walk to class .
Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees .
Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road .
Group of school children in blue school uniforms .
a girl and two boys dressed up for halloween .
A girl wearing a costume leans over as other children look on .
a young girl with her face painted stands next to some other children .
Kids are dressed in costume and playing a game .
One child with a flower painted on her head , is wearing a red glittery outfit with a shawl and gloves , while her companion with a hat looks on .
The two ladies are riding bicycles near the beach .
Two women in summer wear ride beach cruiser tricycles on the concrete near the beach .
Two women on low riding three-wheeled vehicles with baskets .
two women ride their three wheelers .
Two women riding tricycles .
A large white dog growling at a large black dog .
A white and black dog wrestle together .
A white dog bites at a black dog .
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps .
The black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight .
A guitarist plays while people play with hula-hoops in the background .
A guitarist sits playing before microphones , while a man and a boy dance and a woman stands by .
A man in a white hat plays guitar on a stage .
A man plays guitar on a stage while another woman smiles
Four people performing music outdoors .
A girl climbing a rope wall .
A girl in a harness on a rope climbing wall .
A girl is climbing up a rope ladder with a harness .
A person is climbing and has nearly reached the sign at the top
A young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh .
A girl in a white shirt jumps on a trampoline .
A young girl bouncing on a trampoline .
A young girl jumping on an enclosed trampoline
The girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg .
We cannot see the face of the girl with the white T-shirt and blue jeans .
A boy on a playground swing strikes a medatative pose .
A boy on a swing wearing a green shirt is making hand gestures .
A young boy makes a meditational pose on a swing .
Boy in green shirt sitting in swing with eyes closed and making gesture with hands .
Boy posing for camera
A little boy presses his face a window .
A little boy puts his face up to the uniquely-shaped window .
A little boy stands up next to a window and cries .
A young boy in a blue shirt presses against the glass for a better look at desserts .
Little boy peering into a glass display case .
A black dog is swimming in green water with something in its mouth .
A black dog playing in a river .
a black dog wearing a red collar is dragging a rope though a river .
A black dog with a red collar retrieving a stick from deep water .
The black dog emerges from the water having collected an object in his teeth .
A kayaker goes through the waves holding his paddle .
A man paddles down the rapids in a kayak .
A man with a red helmet kayaking .
A person maneuvers rapids while riding a watercraft .
Man kayaking through rough waters .
A kayaker is battling waves in a purple boat while wearing rain gear .
A man is paddling in whitewater rapids .
A man kayaks in rough water .
Man in a kayak swimming in rough waters .
Person kayaking in white water .
A group of people pull a jeep stuck on a rock .
A man in an orange vest leans over a pickup truck .
A man in an orange vest trying to pull a vehicle which is attached to another vehicle out of a rocky area .
A person in a safety vest pushing a truck .
The white truck is stuck on the large rocks .
Men in helmets and orange vests pulling a jeep out of a ditch
Men in orange safety vests pulling vehicle out of a ditch .
Men in orange vests try to free a vehicle stuck beside a road .
Three man in hi viz jackets are pulling attempting to pull a trapped four wheel drive car from a ditch .
Three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside .
A brown dog runs through the grass holding something in its mouth .
A brown dog runs with a toy in its mouth .
A small dog runs in a field , with a toy in its mouth .
Chocolate brown dog running on grass with something in its mouth .
The dog is running with food in his mouth .
The two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym .
Two girls play at a park .
Two little girls , both dressed in pink , play on the jungle gym .
Two little girls in pink are in a playground .
two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
A Baseball batter raising his arm .
A baseball player from New York waiting to bat during a game .
A baseball player in a Yankees uniform is holding a bat in one hand
A New York Yankee holds up a bat .
New York Yankee warming up .
Two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars .
Two girls on a jungle gym .
Two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground .
Two young girls on a playground .
two young girls wearing pink outfits playing on yellow monkey bars .
A black dog is jumping up , biting a man 's padded arm .
A dog leaps on a man .
A man training a dog to attack his padded left arm .
A man walks while a black dog is trying to bite something on the man 's arm .
The man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog .
A boy in a pool squirts a bright green water gun .
A child plays with a water gun in a pool .
A child wearing yellow goggles uses a squirt gun .
a little boy is squirting a yellow water pistol in the swimming pool .
a young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun
A big tan dog lays on the ground looking to the side .
A large dog sits in the grass .
A large tan dog sits on the edge of the woods .
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background .
The large brown dog is sitting on the path next to a tree .
A man and his dog in the mountains .
A man and his dog on the top of a mountain .
a man holding a camera is sitting on a mountain with a black dog .
A man poses with his black dog at the top of a mountain .
A man with a dog .
Two brownish dogs are fighting .
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement .
two dogs playing with each other
Two light golden colored dogs playfully wrestle together on the brick area .
Two pale brown dogs tussling on paved ground .
A black dog is running in the water .
A black dog running into the water .
A black dog running through water .
A black dog runs through the water .
A black dog splashes through water .
A little black dog is running beside a large brown and white dog with a large rope in its mouth .
A small black dog is running alongside a bigger tri-colored dog that is carrying a rope toy in its mouth .
A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth .
Two dogs running down a dirt road .
The large dog is holding a rope in its mouth and the little dog is walking beside it .
A downhill skier with a backpack , on a background of mountains and wispy clouds .
A man in orange is skiing down a snow-covered hill .
A skier in a red jacket and yellow backpack skis down a snow slope .
A skier going down the snowy hill .
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
A group of people in a boat , white water rafting .
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat .
Rafting boat on river .
seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river .
Seven rafters are paddling and riding the rapids in a green raft .
A girl squats on a rock while another stands by her .
A woman in an orange coat and jeans is squatting on a rock wall while a blonde woman in a red jacket stands next to her on the wall checking her electronic device
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock .
Many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees .
Two women are on a rock wall while others walk along a path .
A man cutting up some food on a yellow board .
A man is cutting up food to put in bowls of food at a food court .
Asian man is preparing breaded shimp with diners visible at a counter behind him , at a food court in a shopping mall .
A young man in a black and red t-shirt preparing food on a yellow cutting board .
A young man preparing food with diners in the background
a group of skiers going up a mountain
Four cross-country skiers climb uphill .
Four people climbing a hill in the snow .
Four skiers walking up a snow covered hill .
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain .
A kayaker wearing a blue wetsuit and black helmet paddles his yellow kayak in murky rolling rapids .
A man kayaking through rapids .
A man wearing a life jacket and helmet is water rafting down a river .
A person in a blue shirt , helmet and life jacket paddles a yellow kayak .
A person white-water rafting in turbulent water .
A boy stands on a rock in a creek , holding a stick .
A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick .
A man who is wearing only shorts and shoes is standing on rocks with the water below him .
A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall .
The man is standing by a creek in blue flannel shorts .
A boy on a green plastic swing .
A little boy sitting on a green swing .
A smiling boy plays on a green plastic swing-toy .
Boy swinging on a swing set .
Little boy riding on green swing in a playground .
A child smiling in a park
A little boy wearing a blue shirt is playing around large tires .
A small child in a blue shirt is standing in front of a group of tires .
A young boy wearing Mickey Mouse clothes in a jungle gym .
The little boy is playing by tires .
A blonde woman in blue shorts walks on the beach carrying her shoes .
A woman in blue shorts is carrying her shoes whilst walking on the beach next to the ocean .
Blond woman with blue shorts walks along beach carrying shoes in one hand .
Woman carrying her shoes on a beach .
Woman in blue shorts walking barefoot on the beach
a lone person wearing a quilt walking along the sidewalk of a street
A person in a kilt walks along an overpass .
a person walks near a fence .
A woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by .
A woman wearing a brown skirt is walking over a bridge .
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain .
The two boys in bright blue jeans stand at the water fountain .
Two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park .
Two children stand near a water fountain .
Two little boys at a water fountain .
A bare backed climber is attached to the rock face on a pink safety rope .
a lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall .
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall
A man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff .
man with no shirt on climbing rocks
A closeup of a bicycle rider 's leg .
A man in shorts on a black bicycle .
A man wearing white socks is pedaling a bicycle .
A man wears white socks with beat up brown shoes on a black bicycle .
Closeup of man 's legs on a bicycle peddal .
A brown and white dog is running through woodland .
A large brown , white , and grey dog is running through a forest covered in leaves .
A tan long-haired dog is running in the forest
Brown and white dog running through fall leaves on the ground .
The brown dog bounds through the leaves and the underbrush .
A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard .
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp .
A skateboarder in gray clothes jumps over a boot in front of an apartment .
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house .
A skateboarder jumps another skateboard .
A barefoot boy in shorts and a t-shirt jumps in muddy grass .
A child plays in the mud .
A muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground .
a wet boy jumping around on dirty wet grass
Young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence .
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light .
A longhaired woman in a green coat is standing and pushing a cross-walk signal button .
A woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street .
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light .
A woman in a green jacket presses the Do Not Walk button so she can cross the road .
A creek winds through the woods .
A narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills .
A river is winding through a wooded area that is heavily leaf covered .
A small brook meanders through the autumn woods .
This is a small creek surrounded by autumn leaves that have fallen and bare trees .
A man in a scuba suit holds a box .
A man scuba diving underwater .
A yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle .
Scuba diver submerged in water .
The scuba diver is underwater .
A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster .
A scuba diver holds up a small lobster underwater .
A scuba diver underwater holding a small lobster
Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands .
The scuba diver shows off something he found underwater .
A little girl in pajamas runs down a hall with hardwood floors .
A little girl is running down a hardwood floored hallway .
A little girl running down a brighly lit hallway .
A toddler is running down a hallway .
A young girl runs down a hallway with wooden floors .
Three elderly women , two with canes , walk through a parking lot .
Three elderly women walking from behind .
Three elderly women walking together .
Three elderly women wearing coats and carrying purses are walking with their back to the camera .
three old ladies walking and carrying purses
A couple enjoys a quiet moment near the river .
A few people sit out on rocks overlooking the water below .
Two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river .
Two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river .
Two people sit upon large rocks next to a river .
a few different colored dogs jumping around in the grass behind a house
The Irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the Rottwieler and the Dalmation .
Three dogs are running and playing together by the side of a house .
Three dogs running on a lawn .
Three large dogs running quickly next to a house .
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water .
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench .
A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake .
a man holds his dog near a pond .
A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water .
A dog is trotting through a shallow stream
A light colored dog is walking through a stream .
A male weimaraner with a clipped tail is walking through a river .
a tan dog walking along in a stream
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes .
A child on a red slide .
A little boy sits on a slide on the playground .
A little boy slides down a bright red corkscrew slide .
A little boy slides down a red slide .
a young boy wearing a blue outfit sliding down a red slide .
A man putting a little boy wearing orange into a child swing .
a young child being placed into a child swing by another adult
Heavyset man taking child out of swing set .
parent holding up a child over a swing
The adult is helping the child into the swing .
A dark haired woman wearing a brown jacket and fatigue bottoms and a balding man wearing a green sweater and blue jeans with a fishing pole , stand at the foot of the surf .
A man and woman fishing at the beach .
A man and a woman are standing on a shore while the man fishes in the choppy water .
A man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left .
Man and woman fishing in the ocean .
A group of females in white suits are in a petting zoo with two goats .
A group of people in white stand with white goats .
People dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs .
The people have some animals with them .
Two light-colored female goats in an indoor arena with handlers dressed in white .
A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach .
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
A man with a brown hooded jacket is kissing a girl with sunglasses .
There is a couple kissing on the beach .
Two people kiss on the beach .
A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods .
A little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest .
Two children hugging on a bridge .
Two little children are on a wooden bridge in the woods .
A boy tries to put a screen on a window .
A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen .
A shirtless child in blue shorts holding up a window screen that has fallen out .
little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen
Young boy wearing denim shorts holding a window screen .
A black and white dog runs around a farm animal inside a fenced yard .
a black sheep dog is chasing a grey sheep around a pen .
A border collie rallies a lamb in a fenced in area .
A dog chases a sheep in an enclosure .
The dog is chasing the goat around the yard .
A child swims with a woman .
A small child gets into a pool with help from a woman .
A young boy jumps into the water as a woman holds his arms .
A young curly brown headed boy is jumping into the arms of a woman in a pool .
The little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman .
A man dressed in camouflage riding a motorbike
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike .
A man is riding a dirt bike over some rocks .
A man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .
A man in red shorts standing on rocks by a stream
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them .
A shirtless man standing on the edge of a stream .
The hiker nears a creek .
A girl wearing a pink hoodie looks through her camera .
A woman in pink taking a picture .
A woman takes a picture during the day .
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture .
Woman with red curly hair taking pictures outside .
a child is doing a back flip whilst jumping on a trampoline .
A girl is doing a trick on a blue trampoline and is in the air .
An upside-down child above a trampoline .
A person is upside down in the air above a trampoline outside .
Someone is flipping on a blue trampoline .
A brown and white dog is standing in the river by the bank .
A brown and white spotted dog in a green collar is in the water and looking at something .
A dog with brown spots , standing at the shore of a lake .
Black and white dog wades in water .
The dog stands in the water next to the grass .
A boy points .
A boy points at something while a man looks .
A boy smiles at points at something ; a man looks to the side .
A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child 's gaze .
The man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing .
A dog trying to catch a ball .
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it .
A intense looking dog is about to grab a ball in mid bounce .
Brown dog trying to bite a white ball with yellow , green and blue puppy toes
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball .
A group of girls are posing together with males nearby .
A group of partying girls gather for a picture .
A group of smiling young women posing together .
Five smiling young ladies at a party .
Five women holding drinks are smiling into the camera .
A black dog plays with another animal .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two dogs wrestle in the ground .
Two puppies are wrestling on green grass .
Two puppies wrestle with each other
A black dog runs on green grass with its mouth open .
a dog runs across the grass .
A gray dog runs along the green grass .
A lean dog runs through green grass .
The dog runs across the green lush grass .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses gazes into the horizon .
An older man wearing sunglasses and a white t-shirt
An old man with sunglasses and a watch around kids
Bald man in sunglasses
Bald , older man with sunglasses and white shirt , blurry crowd around him .
A brunette woman in a blue shirt too small for her standing behind casually-dressed people .
A woman in a blue shirt in a crowd .
A woman in a blue shirt standing in a crowd of people .
A woman in a blue striped shirt with her hands on her hips in a crowd of people .
A woman wearing a shirt that has risen up from the waist of her jeans .
A girl in pink twirls a ribbon .
A little girl plays with a ribbon .
Little girl stands in front of brick wall on cement block .
The girl is wearing a white shirt with pink skirt , and she is standing in front of a house .
The small girl in pigtails is wearing red socks , a red skirt and a white top .
A girl jumping in the grass .
A girl jumps in the grass .
A young blonde girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out .
The blond girl is jumping up in the air .
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass .
A brown , black , and tan dog run in the ocean .
Three dogs run into the water .
Three dogs running through water .
Three dogs run through surf , near rocky outcrop .
Three dogs run through the water near the rocks and make splashes .
Two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside .
Two children running in a field .
Two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains
two young girls fly a kite .
Two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky .
A man maneuvers a motorcycle through a rocky stream .
A motorcycle rider navigating his bike over a stone obstacle .
A young man is in a stream with his dirt bike .
BMX biker in shallow stream with current performing a wheelie
The man is dirt bike riding is the stream and climbing the rocks on the bank of the water .
A homeless man sitting on a sofa under an overpass .
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge .
A man sits on a couch outside under an overpass .
Bum sitting on a couch next to a bridge .
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him .
A dog with mud stuck on his underside is running on grass .
A golden retriever has on a collar and a harness and has a muddy lower body .
A muddy dog prances through the grass .
A muddy golden dog running in grass
A white dog that is muddy walks across the green grass .
Boy and girl running along the beach .
Two children run in the sand , along the shore .
Two children run towards the lagoon .
Two little kids are running through the sand to get to the ocean .
Two young children running along a sandy beach .
A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness .
a small black and white dog running through the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
Small black and white dog wearing a red harness is running around with a ball in its mouth .
Small dog with red harness fetching a ball .
The dog wearing the red collar is running across the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is running through the shallow edge of a large body of water .
A black dog is running through the water .
A black dog jumps high out of the water .
a black and tan dobbermen running through the ocean .
The dog runs through the water .
A dog is jumping into the water .
a dog jumps into the water .
A little dog with a red head is jumping into the water .
A small dog leaps in the water .
Small dog jumping into water .
A grey colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach .
A grey dog plays in the sand at the ocean .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach .
The large grey colored dog is jumping on the beach .
a man dressed as Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean
A man wearing a doo-rag with long hair stares right in the camera .
A person with drawn moustache and beard wearing a scarf and beads in his hair .
A young man with brown eyes is dressed up like Jack Sparrow .
The long haired man is dressed up as a pirate with a red bandanna .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans stands behind a sign that says " Mark ' Mom ' Finley " .
A man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces Mark Finley .
A person wearing blue jeans and a blue tank top stands and waits .
A young man stands at the foot of a two-wheeled cart .
Man in a blue tank top showing his invention .
A little boy plays with a water toy while others watch .
A little boy splashes into the small pool at the end of a yellow slip n 'slide .
A young boy slides down a yellow water slide .
a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube
A young boy splashes in a yellow wading poll while mom watches
A man in a yellow jacket with many colorful wristbands is smiling .
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multi-colored plastic jewelry .
A man is wearing a rainbow colored necklace and smiling .
Black man poses for photo .
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera .
A crowded street in Europe .
A group of adults and children , with one man pointing at something off-camera .
A man holding a little girl hand bends over and points something to her .
A young girl and an older gentleman hold hands as he points to something off frame .
People with small children on a brick ground , one man points to something for a child to see .
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain .
Two men and a backpack .
Two men pause on a rock while hiking in barren terrain .
Two men resting uptop a snowy mountain .
Two people sitting on rocks and a pack at their feet .
A boxy building , A group of trees , a church at sunset .
A crowd of people are gathered with a sky scene in the background .
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds .
Large crowd of people gathered together .
A child with a skull on his shirt is sitting in front of some plants and a building and is holding onto handlebars .
A curly-haired child in a white t-shirt grasps the handlebars of a riding toy .
A little girl with curly hair sitting on a teeter totter .
A small child with curly hair is on a riding toy .
A young girl with curly hair with a white shirt with a skull and bones picture on it .
A boy in a red jacket does a gymnastic maneuver on a grassy athletic field .
A child in a red jacket doing a handstand on green grass .
A little boy in red doing a handstand .
Boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass .
Young boy in red jacket doing a handstand on a sports field .
A brown dog brings up some dust as he runs around a field .
A dog and a dust storm .
A dog and sand blowing in the wind
A dog in a sandy area with the sand stirred up into the air and several plants in the background .
Dog kicking up dirt
A female in a green shirt standing while traffic passes .
A woman is standing next to a road where the cars on the road are blurry .
A woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her .
A woman stands on an urban sidewalk holding a beige handbag .
traffic is zooming past the woman wearing a yellow jersey .
A girl is reading while drinking Starbuck 's coffee .
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A woman in a hat sits reading and drinking a coffee .
A young woman sips a coffee and reads a book .
Boys kicking soccer ball in the grass under a tree
Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park .
Two boys have made a goal out of two jackets in order to play soccer .
Two boys kick around a ball in a meadow .
Two kids play soccer in a field .
A girl sits with excavating tools examining a rock .
a lone scientist digging in the rock for artifacts .
A person with a brush looking at a large rock .
A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find .
A woman kneels in the dirt with paleontologist archeologist tools .
A dog is running in a field .
a multicolored dog running through a flowery field
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
Dog with big collar running .
The brown and white dog is running through a field of grass and pink flowers .
A skydiver safely lands while another watches from the ground .
Two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field .
Two para gliders are practicing their craft in an open field .
Two people are landing from their sky diving exercises .
Two people parachutes into a field .
A big hound dog walking on a log in the woods .
A brown dog walks on top of a felled tree trunk .
A grey dog walks on top of a fallen tree in the woods .
A skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree .
The skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree .
A girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean .
A woman in a dress and baseball cap sits next to the water .
A woman sits on a rocky beach looking a yellow object in the water .
The girl in the blue dress and the baseball cap is sitting near the ocean .
The woman is looking out on the beach .
A grey and white dog is biting the ear of a white and brown dog .
The brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog .
There are two dogs playing with each other .
Two dogs wrestle with each other with their teeth bared .
Two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully .
A little girl in a swing laughs .
A little girl is swinging in her brightly colored swing outside .
A little girl sits in a plastic swing set .
A young girl on a swing .
Girl wearing pink pants smiles in baby swing
A dog chewing a blue rope while two men watch from behind .
Black dog with blue string in its mouth .
Two men handle a grey dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth .
Two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall .
Two men under a dog hanging by its mouth from a rope .
A man is camping on a beach shore .
A man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up .
A tent rests on the shore and a man and canoe are in the background .
Man setting up camp after canoeing .
The man is setting up a tent on the shore near the ocean .
A man cooking food at his campsite .
A man cooks his dinner outdoors in front of his orange tent
A man not wearing a shirt is pouring something out a can while sitting on sand in front of a orange and red tent .
A man sits on the beach outside his tent and makes something to eat .
A shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach .
A child plays on the ground in a pile of leaves .
a little girl is playing in the hay .
Little girl buried in hay throwing hay around at a lady .
The girls play in the pumpkin patch .
Two children are playing in a pile of hay with the sun shining overhead .
A closeup of a girl holding a heart necklace and looking at it .
A girl playing with a stretchy charm bracelet .
A girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her .
A girl with the sun behind her plays with some jewelry .
A little girl examines a piece of jewelry .
A little white dog begs .
A little white dog with long fur stands on his hind legs .
A small white dog stands on its hind legs .
A white , fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs .
The white dog is begging .
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear .
A man in a black jacket is in front of a map .
a man listening to his iPod , looks at the subway maps .
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory .
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears .
a couple dogs in and around a small lake of water near a highway
A couple of dogs are playing in the water .
Two dogs play in the water under a bridge .
Two dogs running near a river while one dogs in swimming in it .
Two grey dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass .
Two girls are wearing life vests and hugging each other .
Two little girls are posing for a picture on a boat .
Two little girls on a boat pose for a picture together .
Two smiling little girls in a boat on a lake are hugging .
Two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests .
A large orange dog and a little orange dog with another third dog in the grass .
Three dogs greeting each other in a field of green grass .
Three dogs sniffing each other .
Two dogs and a puppy .
Two little dogs are lying on the green grass and a larger dog looks down on them .
A man in a blue shirt is spraying a sand sculpture .
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach .
Man brushes image in the sand .
man sprays sand image of a man .
Man with white covering on is face spraying water on a mound of sand with a heart drawn that says open up .
A blonde child climbing across a net .
A child is playing at a park .
A girls climbs on a jungle gym .
A small child climbing on an elevated net
A young child climbs on a rope net .
children playing at the beach
A little boy in red shorts , a boy in a black Speedo , and a boy in grey shorts are all running on the beach .
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
Three boys play tag on the beach .
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them .
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide .
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide .
A girl with her arms raised riding down an inflatable slide .
A young girl with a heart tank top raises her hands as she slides .
Blond child throws up her arms as she travels down slide .
A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide .
A child jumps over the slide portion of playground equipment shaded by trees .
A little boy in a striped shirt jumps from a blue slide .
A little boy is jumping off the top of a slide .
A young boy jumps on a slide in a backyard .
A boy and girl playing cricket
A boy and yellow and girl in red playing cricket .
a girl in a red top bowls a cricket ball at a boy in a yellow shirt who is in front of the wicket holding a bat .
A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field .
Two young children playing cricket in a field .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
A female performer singing with her band .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage .
A woman is playing guitar onstage
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar .
A lone man stands on a rocky outcropping and looks out over the wilderness .
A man in shorts and a black jacket stands on top of a big rock looking down on hills and valleys .
A man is standing on a big rock overlooking a valley .
A man stands atop a large mountain of rocks .
Man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view .
a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone .
A child sings into a loofa in the bathtub
A little boy is laying down in a bubble bath .
Boy in bubble bath , yelling or singing into scrubbing brush .
The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub .
A baby and a young boy playing .
A young boy crawls with a toddler .
Two children on hands and knees on a wood floor .
Two kids play on the floor .
two young babies crawling on a wood floor
A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony .
A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket .
A man holds feed for a horse in a blue blanket .
A young boy is feeding a horse some hay from an orange bucket .
Grey horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt .
A brown and black dog playing in the snow .
A dog jumps in the snow trying to catch a snowball .
A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth .
A dog trying to catch a snowball in the snow .
Dog jumps to catch a snowball .
A man holds a flag next to a snowbound campsite .
A man with a Texas flag stands in the snow by tents .
A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground .
Mountain climbers are setting up their tents .
With a pack and ski pole on the ground , a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up .
A man in a pink shirt is showing a magic trick to a boy in a blue shirt .
a small boy wearing a blue shirt pulling an item from a magicians hat .
A smiling boy pulling something from a magician 's bag .
A smiling boy pulls an orange object from a hat .
A young boy in a blue jacket pulls something black out of a fabric bag .
A woman is walking past an artificial waterfall .
A woman is walking with someone else beside a pond in the city .
A woman talking on a cellphone walking in front of water .
A woman walks by a river across city buildings .
Young woman in a city park near a water feature .
A group of kids in red and white playing soccer .
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch .
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch .
Boys soccer teams playing a game .
There is a soccer game in progress .
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt .
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera .
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away .
A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman .
One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away .
A dog in a field .
A dog is resting in a grassy field
A dog runs through tall grass .
Dog running after another dog in a grassy field .
The Doberman is running through the tall grass .
A brown dog playing in mud .
A dog enjoys playing in the water at the edge of a field .
A dog is playing in water .
A dog runs through muddy water .
A dog splashing though a large puddle in a field .
A girl is all decked out with razzling jewelry .
A girl is dressed up and wearing a large broach with pearls .
A woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls .
A woman wearing a pearl necklace .
A woman with a black sweater and white necklace poses for the camera .
A couple sit on the hood of a car with their backs to the camera .
A couple sits on a car .
A man and a woman sit on a car and face the opposite way of the camera .
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road .
A man and woman sitting on a parked car .
A black station wagon with its lights on , partially submerged in water with a wooded area behind it .
A car is partially submerged in a lake .
A car is sinking underwater in a lake or river .
A Toyota car drives into water
The four wheel drive car is driving through a river .
Three children playing in hay
Three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .
Three children play on corn stacks .
Three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .
Two young children are throwing hay .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
Five people look out toward the ocean .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
A man in a boat in front of a sunset .
A man in a grey shirt is on a boat with a flag .
A man sits on a boat in the sunset near a flag .
A man sits on a sailboat with the sun setting behind him .
A man sitting on a boat with a flag and the sunset in the background .
a couple sitting together smiling at the photographer
A man and a woman smiling for the camera .
A man and his female partner smile for a picture .
Smiling , brown-eyed couple in a crowd .
Two people pose for the camera .
A competitive motorcycle racer prepares to make a left turn along a paved road .
A man rides a motorcycle with the number 5 on it .
A motorcycle driver swerves to the left .
A motorcycle with number five on front is being ridden by a rider wearing a red helmet .
professional motorcycle racer turning a corner
a girl in a light blue windbreaker walks down a cement road .
A girl in an aqua jacket walks down a long road surrounded by shrubs .
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road .
A woman walks down a country road .
Woman walking down paved road .
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .
A dog jumps over a creek .
A spotted dog jumps over a muddy creek .
A white dog with black spots jumps over a stream .
A girl on a beach with rainbow flags .
A girl sits on a ledge by the beach , rainbow flags on poles fly in the background .
A person is sitting on a wall beside the beach .
a woman sitting on a wall with several multicolored flags behind her
Woman at kite festival on boardwalk
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence .
A brown dog trotting across a grassy , fenced-in yard .
A large brown dog in a fenced yard
Large dog is playing outdoors inside of a fence .
Lean dog trots through a sunny park in front of a chain link fence .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in an orange shirt jump in the air .
A man jumps off a hill .
Two men in hiking boots strike martial arts poses .
Two men jumping on a rock wall
Two men leap into the air .
A black and white dog is going after an orange Frisbee .
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
dog jumping for Frisbee
A brown dog catching a ball in silhouette .
a brown dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball .
A dog catching a tennis ball at sunset in a yard .
A dog is backlit buy the sun as he jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a tennis ball .
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city .
Pedestrians and cars make their way through Times Square in New York .
Some people and vehicles on a crowded street .
The streets of a big city ,
Times Square in New York .
A group of people are sitting in some rows of wooden seats .
A group of people seated in a line of seats at an event .
People sit in an auditorium with programs .
People sitting in rows of seats .
Students are sitting in an auditorium with notes out in front of them .
A group of mountain climbers
A group of people walking in a line through the snow toward a mountain .
A line of people are making their way through snow covered mountains .
People are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background .
People facing mountains in the snow .
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump .
A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk .
A dog sniffs a tree stump .
Dog sniffing recently cut tree stump .
The dog is standing outside on a tree stump .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A dog running with tongue hanging out .
A grey dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
A white and brown dog with his mouth open and tongue out facing a second , almost off-camera dog .
two dogs , one with long brown fur , both dogs have their mouths open and teeth showing , one dogs tongue is hanging out .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two furry dogs make snarly faces as they play together .
Two multicoloured dogs fighting .
A black and white dog is jumping through a black and white hoop .
A black and white dog jumps through a black and white hoop .
A brown and white dog jumping through a black and white hoop .
A dog jumping through a black and white hoop .
A dog jumping through a ring .
A man is riding on a red motorcycle .
A motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right .
A motorcyclist on a red speed bike leans into a sharp turn .
Motorcyclist crouches low as he rounds a turn .
This person is on a red motorcycle .
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain .
A man holds a sign in front of a group of people on a cloudy day .
A man in sunglasses is holding a sign while four other people look into the distance .
A man wearing sunglasses holds a sign at a demonstration .
A young man holds up a hand written sign next to a woman with a multicolored umbrella .
A climber is attached by ropes to a brown colored rock face .
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
A mountain climber scales a steep rock face .
A person is climbing up a rock .
A person wearing khaki pants climbing up the side of a rocky cliff .
A motorcycle racer leans his bike .
A motorcyclist is driving down a road on their motorbike .
A motorcyclist is riding their sponsored car along a roadway that has recently turned .
A motorcyclist on the street .
A motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road .
The iguanas wrestled along the rocky water bank .
The two reptiles are standing on their back legs near deep water .
Two lizards fighting .
Two lizards fight in the water .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
A group of race buggies travel down a racetrack .
Cars racing on a dirt track
Race cars are racing each other on a dirt racetrack and the green one is in the lead .
Ralley cars muscle for position on a dirt track .
Two lines of colorful cars racing on a racetrack .
A collie runs down a slide .
A dog is running down a ramp .
Dog is jumping down a ramp .
The collie is running down a blue and yellow board .
There is a brown and white dog jumping off of a see-saw .
A climber wearing a white helmet is perched on the side of a rock face .
a lone climber wearing a white helmet climbing a wall .
A man wearing blue climbs a steep cliff .
The man in a blue shirt , wearing a helmet , is readying to climb .
The rock climber looks down from above .
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee and casts a perfect shadow .
A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass .
A dog jumps and catches a toy .
A white dog leaps to catch an object .
A yellow lab jumping up to catch a toy .
A jacketed man with his back to the camera is overlooking the water .
A man fishing from the shore in the wintertime .
A man in a heavy coat fishes from a concrete platform .
A man stands on a concrete ledge and casts his fishing pole into the water below .
A person in warm clothing fishes off a wall .
A male and a female are leaning against railing looking off with the ocean in the background
A man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea .
Man and woman watching something near rocky ocean surf .
two people leaning over a green railing with the ocean in the background
Two people on a walkway over rushing water .
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog looks at another dog catching a ball in the air
A white dog is watching a black dog jump on a lawn next to a pile of large rocks .
A white dog watching a black dog in the air .
Two dogs playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches .
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall .
Black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks .
Black dog jumping to catch tennis ball
The black dog is catching a ball , while the white one watches .
A basset hound is leashed to the rearview mirror of a yellow and white vehicle
a black and white dog tied to a yellow and white van
A dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus .
a dog with black , white , and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror
The black and white dog is tethered next to a yellow car .
A boy hitting a soccer ball with his chest .
A child is hitting a soccer ball with their chest .
A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers .
The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee .
The boy is kicking a soccer ball .
A little girl on a kid swing .
A little girl shouts for joy as she swings on the swing .
A toddler girl in a swing is laughing .
A toddler in a pink shirt in a bucket swing .
A young girl making a wide mouthed expression while swinging .
A man in a camouflage tank top standing next to a man in a grey t-shirt with a fountain in the background .
Two man standing in front of a huge fountain with several background people .
Two men are posing for a photograph in front of a fountain in a city .
Two men are standing in front of a fountain smiling .
Two men standing in front of fountain while other people sit on the grass
A woman and her two dogs are walking down the street .
A woman wearing cut off shorts walks down the street with a dog .
The woman in blue shorts and a brown vest has a black dog to the right of her and a dog behind her .
The woman is walking her dogs .
Woman and small black dog walking across pavement
A bunch of kids run on a school play field .
A group of children in a field .
A group of children running in the grass .
Kids play soccer on a field .
Kids running in the field .
A small dog and a large dog carrying a stick in its mouth run outside .
A smaller white dog is trying to get a hold of a stick that a bigger tri-colored dog has in its mouth .
The little white dog is trying to bite onto the stick that the black dog is carrying .
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick .
two dogs run for a stick .
The two dogs are enjoying a run through the surf .
Two dogs are running through the surf .
Two dogs play in the surf .
Two dogs running through the water on a beach .
Two dogs run out of the ocean lake .
A girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic .
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars .
A woman in a pink sweater rides her bike alongside cars .
A woman is riding her bicycle down the street .
A woman wearing a pink sweater rides a bike with a car behind her .
A boy in a blue , yellow , and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides .
A boy in a blue , yellow , and orange shirt plays outside .
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide
A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside .
The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched .
A child is on a slide .
A child is sliding down a spiral slide on a playground .
A girl goes down a blue and yellow slide at a park .
A little girl is sliding down a slide at a park .
A small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground .
A brown dog , a black and white dog , and a black dog are all standing in a field .
a brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass .
The three dogs are in a field .
The three dogs are standing in tall grass .
Three dogs in a field .
A brown dog , a black dog and a black and white dog are in a grassy field
A white and black dog , a yellow dog and a black dog in a grassy field .
Black dog , orange dog and black and white dog , on grass .
Three dogs are running through a grassy field .
three multicolored dogs standing in a grassy field
A boy in a red jacket smacks a snow covered tree with a stick .
A child stands underneath a snow-covered tree .
A little boy shakes the snow off of a tree .
A person in a red jacket stands under a snow-covered tree .
Child standing in a snowy landscape pulling down a snow-covered tree branch .
A dog is walking along some dry cracked earth .
A dog walking along a cracked and ashen surface .
A dog walking on mud flats .
A dog walks across the rocky ground .
A dog walks through some mud .
A man picking up a big rock .
A person holds a large rock while a white car is parked .
A person in a green jacket and black pants lifts a rock .
A person picks up things in a rocky spot next to a car .
A woman picking up a large rock .
A couple of people are standing and the person in the red coat is pointing at the body of water .
The couple are looking downriver .
Two people in rafting gear standing on a dry , rocky riverbank , pointing at the river .
Two people stand by a river , one wearing a helmet points .
Two people stand on the rocks above the water and look at something .
A man wakeboards in a red vest and smiles for the camera .
A man wearing a red life vest waves as he waterskiis .
A young man rides a wakeboard .
guy wakeboarding one handed and smiling
Man rides surfboard through water .
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
a man wakeboards on a lake .
A young man is wakeboarding on a body of water .
Blond boy waterskiing .
The boy is wakeboarding on the lake .
A man in swim trunks and a red life vest jet skiing .
A man waterskiing with one hand .
A man wearing a red life jacked is holding a purple rope while waterskiing .
A man wearing swimming trunks is waterskiing backwards using only one hand .
Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
A boy is wakeboarding on a lake with one hand .
A man wearing a red life jacket is water-skiing across a bay .
A surfer in blue shorts surfs over water .
A young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and a red life jacket waterskiing in a blue lake .
Boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard .
A boy laying on clothes .
A brown-haired boy is laughing with his eyese clothes whiel lying on a pile of clothes .
A child in a blue shirt laying on his side with his mouth open .
A child with and adult hand .
A little boy laughs as he is tickled .
A fisherman fishes at the bank of a foggy river .
A man fishes by a tree in the morning mist .
A man fishes under a large tree .
A man fishing near a large tree .
A man is fishing in a foggy lake .
A man gets ready to throw a stick for his waiting dog .
A man is holding a stick beside a jumping dog .
A man stands with his arm up in the air , holding a stick , while a dog jumps up .
Brown Dog jumps while man holds a stick up high .
In this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog .
a black dog jumping through some water
A black dog leaps out of the water .
a black dog runs through the water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
A large black dog is playing in the ocean .
The couple eat their meal outside .
two people sit on a bench .
Two people sitting , facing away , with dreadlocks .
Two people with dreadlocks .
Two people with dreadlocks sit on a wooden bench .
A couple on the stairs are photographing a man and woman embracing in front of a building .
A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom .
A man and woman pose outside of a building while talking to two other people .
A man and woman stand at the top of cement stairs together .
A man holds a woman as another couple walk up the steps towards them .
A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers .
A girl with a pink shirt is running through flowery grass .
a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field .
A young girl is walking through a grassy pasture .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field .
A brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
A caramel colored dog sits in front of trees looking forward .
A sad looking dog sitting next to shrubs .
Stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background .
The brown dog is wearing a black collar .
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area .
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp .
A brown and white dog running off of an obstacle .
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp .
This dog is done running down the yellow board .
people sit against a wall
A bunch of people sit in the shade of a cement awning .
A group of people are sitting below a concrete structure that overlooks a staircase .
Five adults are sitting on stone steps .
Several people are sitting under an overhang on stone steps .
A brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn .
A brown dog is carrying a ball up the road .
A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a road covered in leaves .
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
A girl with a nose ring , earring , and Mohawk .
A person with spiky hair looks to the left .
A profile of a young person with a punk hairstyle and pierced ear and nose in a cowboy shirt .
A young person with a Mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt .
The person is posing in a red flannel shirt with a Mohawk .
A man and a girl in bed .
A parent and child are in and embrace in bed .
A woman and a small child laying in bed .
The woman is laying in bed with a young girl .
Two people are in bed .
Three boys playing soccer in a field
Three boys playing soccer .
Two boys in blue and yellow uniforms play soccer with a boy in a pink printed uniform .
Two teammates attempt to convert a soccer goal past the goalie .
Uniformed children playing soccer
A black and white dog plays in the water .
A black and white dog walking in shallow water
A dog splashes through the water .
A dog swims .
Black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water .
A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride .
A child is riding a plastic horse at an amusement park .
A child on a fake horse ride .
A child sitting on a carousel horse .
Row of plastic horses that form a childrens ride with one child riding .
A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase .
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people .
A dog performs a trick on a ladder in front of a crowd observing his talent .
Large brown dog walks up a blue staircase .
Onlookers watch a German Shephard climb steps on an obstacle course .
An animal with horns jumping in a field .
An antelope runs through tall brown grass .
A wild animal not found in America jumping through a field .
A wild animal races across an uncut field with a minimal amount of trees .
A wildebeast trips in the field .
two Asian women walking in front of a green door
Two girls are walking along the street and talking .
Two women walk down a street .
two women walk down the street .
Two women walking down the street
a boy prepares a jump off a rock .
A boy wearing blue walks across some rocks .
A small boy wearing blue balances as he walks on a large rock .
A toddler in blue clothes is balancing on a rock .
The little boy walks carefully down the rocks holding his arms out to balance himself .
A brown dog runs for a white and black dog on the grass .
A white dog and a brown dog play in the grass .
The dogs are in the field playing .
Two dogs playing on grass .
two dogs play together .
A man in yellow stands in a garbage strewn underpass .
A man stands near garbage and a spray painted drawing .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is standing in front of a cement wall with drawings on it .
a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage and a graffitied wall .
A man wearing a yellow shirt standing near some refuse .
A girl in the bathing suit talking to a guy .
A woman in a bikini is talking to a regularly dressed man on a bridge
A woman in a small pink bikini chats on a cellphone while a man looks on outside a city shop .
A woman in a string bathing suit with a man on a boardwalk on a foggy day .
A woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown .
A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt .
A woman in a skimpy bathing suit walks away .
A woman in a swimsuit walks along the street next to three trees .
A woman wearing a skimpy bathing suit is walking with a towel in a parking lot .
Three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini .
A large dog sniffing a human hand while a small dog is sniffing the large dog 's butt .
A person reaches for a large grey dog while a black dog trails .
A smaller dog sniffs a larger dog in the hills .
the black dog is sniffing the brown dog 's butt .
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk .
Kids ride outside in red car .
Two children are riding in a red play vehicle at a real gas station .
Two children in a toy car , in front of a gas station .
Two kids in a toy car at a gas station .
two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station
A black and white dog lies on the ground next to a little girl on a red bicycle in the woods .
A child in a red sweatshirt , jeans , and black bike helmet and a dog pose for a picture outdoors .
A child is sitting on a bike next to her dog
A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods .
The dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike .
A girl plays on a red toy .
A little girl in a blue coat is rocking on a red playground toy .
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors .
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs .
The girl wearing a blue coat is standing on the wooden rocking toy in the playground .
A team of dogs , and a woman following on a bike .
A woman is riding a three wheeler bicycle behind a pack of dogs .
A woman on a trike and a team of dogs .
Six huskies are pulling a three wheeled vehicle through the grass .
Woman being pulled on a large tricycle by several sled dogs .
Four shirtless men are hiking up a canyon .
Four shirtless men hike up a canyon .
Shirtless men hike through a canyon .
The hikers are climbing up the mountains .
Topless men walking up a rocky path .
A jogger is being sheltered with an umbrella .
A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella .
A woman assists a marathon runner by holding an umbrella over her and giving her water .
A woman is holding a pink and brown umbrella for a lady running in a race wearing number 13406 .
On a rainy day , a woman holds an umbrella above a runner and gives her water .
A blonde haired woman is pouring drinks at a bar .
A blonde woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant .
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine .
A woman in a restaurant pouring wine into a clear glass .
A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass
A boy wearing navy blue slides down a gray slide .
A boy with laying on his stomach with his arms in front of him .
A child sliding face first down a metal tube
A little boy in black slides headfirst down a tan tube with his mouth open wide .
A young boy going headfirst down a slide .
A man beginning to waterski wearing a red life jacket .
A man holds on to a handle in the water .
A man waterskies .
A man waterskies with a life jacket .
a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is holding the line waiting to be pulled up in the water .
A boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach .
A little boy on a beach runs towards the water .
A young boy chasing a gull on the beach
A young boy is walking towards a seagull on the shoreline of a beach .
A brown and black dog runs down a sandy beach .
An animal running through the sand at the beach .
An orange cat with black stripes on a beach .
A striped dog runs along the beach .
Long necked dog jumps on
A brown dog is jumping after a tennis ball .
A brown dog leaps into the air to catch a dirty tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog that looks much like a coyote jumps into the air over a grassy field to catch a tennis ball .
A red dog jumps to catch a tennis ball in the dry tall grass .
The brown dog catches a ball in the air .
A few younger boys play around a fountain .
A group of people gather around a large fountain .
Three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard .
Three kids are playing at a fountain in front of a building .
three kids playing around a fountain
A girl in a yellow bathing suit from a cliff looks at a person in the water .
A girl in a yellow bathing suit stands on a rock over a body of water .
A woman in a yellow bathing suit gets ready to jump in the water to join someone .
A woman standing on a rock prepares to jump into the water .
Wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water .
A brown dog is running towards three other dogs .
Four dogs are running around in the grass .
Four dogs of varying breeds running through a field .
Four dogs playing in a field
Four dogs play together on a grassy and leafy ground .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
A girl with bright red hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A red haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
A brown dog is staring closely at a sleeping brown and white dog .
A little dog struggles with a man holding a slipper .
A small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper .
The black and tan dog is on a rug , tugging on a slipper .
The little dog grabs a hold of the bedroom slipper with its mouth .
Four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back .
Four young children pose in formally for an informal picture .
Two girls and two boys dressed alike stand together .
Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts .
Two little girls in matching dresses pose with two little boys in matching outfits .
A girl in a firefighter 's uniform looks back and says something .
A woman is dressed in a " fire department " uniform .
A young female firefighter stands in front of a crowd .
The lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt .
The woman wearing a fire department uniform is talking to people .
The camera focuses on two people 's legs .
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards .
Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard
two male skaters walk on sidewalk
two people wearing white shirts and jeans each carrying a skateboard
A boy in a striped shirt walking a small dog on a leash .
A boy is walking a small white dog down the street .
A boy signals with his hands while he walks a white dog with a pink leash .
A dark skinned boy is walking a white dog on a pink leash down a sidewalk .
A young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood .
A blonde lady with sunglasses smiles .
A blonde woman wearing sunglasses and dice earrings smiles .
A woman wearing black sunglasses looks to the right and smiles .
A woman wearing sunglasses smiles .
The gal wearing the black sunglasses and blue jean jacket is smiling .
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .
A large campfire at night with several people sitting around it .
People are clustered around a bonfire at night .
People sitting around a campfire at night .
Several people are sitting around a fire at night .
A man in a red shirt is jumping from one rock to another larger rocker with two male spotters below him .
A man in the red shirt tried to hang onto the rock while three others watched .
A man is hanging from the edge of a rock while two others catch him .
a man jumping from one large rock to the next
A man jumps from one boulder to another and two men try to catch him as he barely makes it .
A dog swims towards a waterfall .
a tan and white dog swimming towards a waterfall
A yellow dog swims towards a waterfall .
The dog swims through the water toward the waterfall .
The dog swims towards a waterfall .
Children climbing huge tree .
Two children are sitting in some tree branches .
Two children look down from a green tree they have climbed .
Two kids in a green tree .
Two people standing in tree on a sunny day
A blond girl wearing blue jumping across a stream .
A girl hops across the river , from rock to rock .
A girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A little girl jumps from one rock to another in a creek .
A black and white dog standing on its hind legs on carpeting in front of a chair .
A black and white dog stands on its hind legs .
a boy jumps .
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs .
Closeup of a dog standing on its hind legs
A closeup of a little girl on a swing .
A little girl in a dress with pink flowers swings on a red-seated swing .
A little girl in a pink and white flowered dress and blue sweater swinging .
A young girl is swinging in a backyard .
The little girl swings in the backyard .
A group of children play in the street where water is sprayed .
Children playing in water .
Children play in the street under a spray of water from a large machine .
Kids playing under a big sprinkler .
Kids play in the water in the middle of the street .
A man and a woman walk their dogs on leashes .
Dogs straining on leashes towards each other , as owners walk apart on grass .
The two dogs are being pulled away by their owners .
Two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other .
Two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes .
The Kiss-costumed adults are pushing the strollers of the Kiss-costumed kids .
The two young children are in black and white facepaint and costumes while riding in a stroller , they are being pushed by a man also in facepaint and a costume
Two babies are dressed up as Kiss along with their parent 's .
Two little kids in strollers have face makeup on like the band " Kiss " .
Two parents with two children and others dressed up like the music group Kiss .
A child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains .
A child in rolled up jeans , a striped shirt , and a helmet frolics in sprinklers .
A girl playing in a fountain
A girls leaps as she runs through sprinklers .
Person with striped shirt is playing in the sprinklers .
A dog jumps over a log in the woods .
A large , black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes .
Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards .
Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area
Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts .
a boy dressed as a pirate smiles largley .
A boy with a skeleton on his shirt laughs .
A child dressed like a pirate smiles .
A young boy dressed as a pirate and running .
The boys enjoys his pirate costume .
A dog looks behind itself .
A tan dog is running alongside another dog outside
Two dogs are running next to each other on the grass .
Two dogs run together near the leaves .
Two small dogs run on a dirt road covered in leafs .
A blonde man is wakeboarding and is jumping into the air .
a blond man jumping through the air over the ocean
A blond man on a single waterski .
A man gets air time on his wakeboard .
Man airborne on wakeboard with elevation in the background and blue water .
A boy dressed as Spiderman ringing a door bell
A child dressed as Spiderman ringing a doorbell .
A child that is dressed as Spiderman is ringing the doorbell .
At Halloween , this little spiderman waits to get some candy .
A young child in a costume rings the door bell of a gray house .
A beach crowded with beachgoers .
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .
A partly cloudy day at the beach with people standing around and a building on the right .
Beachgoers watch something in the sky .
Many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .
black dogs jump in pool to a hand .
Two black dogs are diving into a pool to get a dog toy .
Two black dogs jump in a pool .
Two black dogs jump into a blue swimming pool .
Two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch the yellow toy that is floating in the water .
A costumed diner sits in a restaurant wearing a black outfit that covers their face .
A costumed figure leans into the dinner table .
A man dressed in a dark costume sitting at a restaurant table
a man sitting at a table with a scary mask covering his face
A person at a table , dressed in a black costume .
A girl dressed as a devil stands in front of a lighted object on a city street .
A girl is dressed up in a red devil outfit .
A woman in a ' devil ' outfit standing in front of a fountain .
A woman in a red devil costume in front of a fountain .
A woman wears a devil costume and poses in front of a fountain .
Two men raise their arms atop a snowy mountain .
Two people jumping up with snow covered mountains in the background .
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them .
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains .
two snowboarders throw up their hands .
A dog with a few leashes and a vest on pulls at something with its mouth .
A dog with a harness and a toy its mouth .
A dog with a reflective harness looks at the camera .
A dog with a toy in its mouth eyes the camera .
A small black and white dog in a harness is looking at the camera
A man dressed in a red outfit .
A man in a red suit and a red mask stands beside another costumed man .
A man wearing a red costume stands near others .
The guy is wearing a red and black outfit with a matching mask .
The man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage .
A man dressed in brown holding a light saber .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
Man dressed up in black and brown and holding a white light saber .
The man holds a light Sabre .
The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword .
A girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone .
A woman in a polka dot top is singing into a microphone .
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
A woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone .
A young woman stands singing at a microphone while a man behind her holds a guitar .
A group of five people stand outdoors .
Five people in back shirts stand in front of a small object in a grove of trees .
Five people , wearing dark blue shirts , give a presentation outdoors .
Four men and one woman in black shirts stand in a park .
One woman and four men wearing black shirts standing on the grass in the shade .
A girl with a red helmet carying a lot of rope .
A smiling woman wearing a red hardhat has a long length of rope around her shoulders .
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .
A woman with a helmet and climbing rope smiles at the camera .
The smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope .
A man drives a green jeep over a few jagged rocks .
A man drives a jeep over rough rocks .
A man driving a green jeep is crossing over large rocks .
A man is driving a green tractor-like vehicle over rocks .
A vehicle climbs on rocks near a forest .
An upset woman with her makeup streaming down her face from her tears .
A person wearing a pink jacket who has lots of make-up on walks down a street .
a woman wearing heavy makeup and a pink jacket is walking past a clothing shop at night .
A woman wearing heavy makeup stands in front of a store with a neon sign saying , " Red Light . "
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign .
A dog catches a Frisbee as it jumps on the grass .
A pitbull jumps to catch a flying disc .
A white dog has jumped up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
The dog jumps to catch the Frisbee .
The white dog has a grey Frisbee in its mouth .
A guy in gray is walking across the street at night .
A man walking across a crosswalk with long hair , a green hoodie , and a backpack .
A man with long hair is making an " OK " sign with his hand while he walks down a street .
A man with long hair wearing gray clothes and a backpack .
a young man wearing grey pants and backpack with long brown hair
A girl in a bikini top and shorts poses for a picture on a mountain overlooking a lake .
A girl in a bikini top stands in front of a beautiful view .
A girl in a bikini top with a great view in the background
A woman poses for a picture while in front of a lake .
Woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background .
A group of bicyclists riding down a path in an off road race .
A group of bikers riding through the woods
A group of people are riding bicycles in a race .
Bikers race through a forest .
Many bicyclists racing along a dirt road .
A blond boy with a navy blue uniform kicks a soccer ball in an open field .
A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area .
A little boy is playing soccer at a field .
A small child plays with a ball while others relax and converse with one another .
A young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball .
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .
A man in red shorts swinging on a rope over a lake .
A man is swinging on a rope above the water .
A man is swinging on a rope over water .
This man is swinging on the rope swing out over the blue water .
A guy in swimming trunks flying on a rope swing above a lake .
A man is rope-swinging off a tree into a lake .
A man is swinging on a rope swing into a lake .
A person uses a rope swing over the water .
There is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake .
The three people are squatting by the water .
Three children bend over to look at the waters edge at a lake .
Three kids lean into the water edge wearing bright pants .
Three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake .
Three people squat down on the edge of a lake .
Two dogs are running through water carrying a rope and red float in their mouths .
Two dogs carry a toy out of the ocean .
Two dogs carrying a red toy in their mouths and running in water .
Two dogs carry one object while wading in the ocean .
Two dogs run through the water and both hold the same toy in their mouths .
A baby with a pink hat , held by a man in red and a woman in pink .
A man is holding his baby while a woman takes a picture of the baby .
A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man .
A woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her .
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat .
A black dog in the water
A black dog runs through the water with a ball in its mouth .
A black laborador with a ball in his mouth coming out of the surf
A large , black dog with something in its mouth is coming out of a pool of water .
The black dog waring a red collar is running through the water with a ball in its mouth .
A man and a woman wear mickey mouse ears at an event .
A man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears stand in a crowd .
A man and woman wear Mickey Mouse hats .
a man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears in a crowd .
Two spectators are adorn with Mickey Mouse ears while looking back at an angle from a stadium .
A black and white dog runs in some leaves .
a dog sprints across the leaf covered ground .
A dog with floppy ears runs in a forest in the fall .
A dog with one ear up runs outside through the fall leaves .
A white and brown dog is running over orange leaves .
A black dog and a tan dog fighting .
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground .
A black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand .
two dogs fight .
Two dogs , one white and one black , play with each other in the sand .
A man rock climbs up a very tall cliff , with a blue rope behind him .
A man wearing a red shirt is climbing up the rock wall .
A young man climbs a mountain , another follows below .
Man scales rock .
The climber in red is leading climbers up a long rock face .
A boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff .
a man climbs a large rock .
A man climbs on a steep structure .
A man climbs up a cliff face with no safety equipment .
A shirtless man is climbing up a mountainside .
A dog in the forest .
A dog standing on a log in a forest .
A grey colored dog is licking a fallen tree in the forest .
A grey dog explores a fallen tree in the woods .
A medium sized dog sniffing in a forest
A man in a hat stands in front of a gray jeep in dry grass .
A man in a hat standing outside of his green jeep rangler .
A man next to his black jeep .
Man in green shirt and cargo khakis standing next to a green jeep .
Man standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep .
Many of the chairs are empty with only a few people enjoying the sun .
People are lying on lounge chairs .
Several people lay out in the sun on white lawn chairs by a body of water .
Two people are relaxing on a beach amidst lounge chairs
White lounge chairs are lined up at a resort for sunbathers .
A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza .
A toddler boy in a red tank top and khaki shorts walks on the European street with a woman in a white top and faded blue jeans .
A woman walks and a little boy walks to the side of her .
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide .
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza .
A man helps a little girl ride a bike .
A man helps a young girl balance on a bicycle that is too big for her .
A man holding onto a small girl on a bike .
A man is helping a girl sit on a large bicycle .
This man is helping a girl in an orange dress onto a bicycle .
A man and a girl sit on the ground and eat .
A man and a little girl are sitting on a sidewalk near a blue bag eating .
A man and young girl eat a meal on a city street .
A man wearing a black shirt and a girl wearing an orange shirt sitting on the pavement eating .
A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat .
A father feeding his child on the street .
A man in a black shirt and his little girl wearing orange are sharing a treat .
A man is feeding a child food while sitting near a building with onlookers .
A man , seated , serves food to a little girl .
A man with sunglasses and a black shirt feeds ice cream to a girl with an orange dress on who is sitting beside an opened bag .
A climber is scaling a mountain cliff .
A man climbs up a mountain .
A man in a white helmet and huge backpack is rock climbing .
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain .
A mountain climber has reached the top of a brown rock .
A child at an exhibit .
a girl skips over to the fence .
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background .
A young girl is wearing a dress with a red , black , and white design .
Small girl in red , white and black dress looks at large silver orbs .
Children participate in a sport involving swine among spectators .
Children playing with a pig
People are gathered around watching children with a pig .
Several children pet a pig while a crowd watches .
the young children are petting a piglet
A black and white dog balances on a wooden plank .
A dog is running on a wooden beam beside a blue fence .
A dog performs acrobatic stunts on a platform .
A dog walks on a red plank by a blue railing .
The dog walks on the high plank .
a kayaker kayaks through the water .
A person kayaking in the ocean .
A person kayaks in the middle of the ocean on a grey day .
A person rows a boat over a large body of water .
person in a boat with a paddle in hand
A dog has a wetsuit in his mouth on the beach .
A dog on a beach dragging an item
A dog walking on a beach
A tan dog dragging a deflated innertube down the beach .
The dog on the beach has gotten a hold of something .
A fluffy white dog on a leash with its owner riding a bike .
A person on a bike has a white dog on a leash .
a white dog being led by a person on a bicycle
A white dog runs along a bicycle .
A white dog walking beside a bicycler .
A girl in a bikini and sneakers makes her way out of the water and onto the rocks .
A girl in a bikini in climbing rocks .
A woman in a bikini climbs rocks next to a rocky stream .
A woman in a bikini is running on rocks in a stream .
A young woman wearubg a bikini is climbing rocks near a creek .
Several children playing in a ball pit .
Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls
Three children in a ball pit .
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches .
Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on .
A spotted dog , a black dog , and a puppy converging on a tennis ball .
Three dogs are playing in the grass .
Three dogs play in a grassy field .
three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
Two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area .
A man is cycling on the road .
A man rides a bicycle down a road with concrete barriers .
A man rides his bicycle on a wet road .
A person biking on a road near a fence .
Man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves
Four boys doing a cannonball jump in unison into the pool .
Four boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool .
Four boys jumping into an inground pool .
Four boys jumping into a swimming pool .
Four children jump in a pool .
a small dog steps onto a log .
A small white dog climbs over a log .
A small white dog with a blue collar is climbing over a large log .
A white dog jumps over a log outside .
A white terrior is jumping over a log .
A girl wearing a blue top has her feet in the stream .
A hiker puts his feet in a stream while wearing brown shoes .
A man wearing a blue shirt and shorts is resting on a rock soaking his feet in a rocky stream .
A person is sitting near smooth rocks on a stream bed .
A woman dressed in a blue shirt , plaid shorts and brown shoes , soaking her feet in a rocky creek while sitting on a towel .
A baby boy plays outside with a blue toy .
A baby carrying a ball in stands in front of a house with a hose in the background .
A little boy is holding a blue ball in the yard .
A male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk .
a young boy playing with a blue ball standing on a sidewalk
A black and white dog is playing in water .
a black dog is standing on a step next to a river at it shakes itself dry .
A dog is shaking after coming out of the water .
A dog is shaking water off of itself .
A dog shakes off water .
The dogs fight over the red and pink ball .
Two dogs both pull on the same orange ball while playing in the sand .
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy
Two dogs play tug of war with a ball .
Two dogs tug on a pink and orange ball from opposite ends .
A child shows other kids his still packaged toy .
A group of kids are at a birthday party .
A little boy is opening gifts surrounded by a group of children and adults .
Boy at birthday party shows toy off .
There is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents .
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl .
A man standing next to a large plate .
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays .
An older man poses near wooden bowls on display .
The man wearing glasses is showing a wooden product .
A woman carrying a purse and a bag with a baby in a backpack walking down a road .
A woman carrying large bags walks down the street .
A woman walking down the street carrying luggage with a baby on her back .
A woman walking on the street with a child on her back and bags under one arm and in her other hand .
A woman walking with a baby on her back a purple bag in her right hand and a brown one on her left shoulder .
Children in red shirts play in the leaves .
Four boys in red are playing with fallen leaves .
Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground .
Small children are playing in a pile of dead leaves .
Three kids jumping in leaves .
A child wearing a white shirt hangs from the playground equipment .
The child in white is on the monkey bars , while the one in brown stands below .
Two children are playing on monkey bars .
Two children playing on a jungle gym .
Two children playing on an orange jungle gym in the winter time .
A black and white dog shakes itself to get the water off
A black and white dog shakes water off itself .
A dog shaking water off .
Black and white dog shaking its wet head .
Wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water .
A boy in a large pool .
A boy plays in the water by a building .
A boy splashing through water next to a building .
A boy stands in water near a Frisbee .
A child splashes through water near a stone building .
A woman in a purple shirt and a brown puppy sit near a fountain
A woman sits by the pool with a dog while another dog is nearby .
A woman sits with her feet in a shallow pool and looks at a puppy .
While the humans put their feet into the fountain , the puppy on the side with his master checks out the muzzle leash on the large rottweiler .
Woman and dog cooling off at fountain
A girl kisses her mother goodbye before she waits with the other children to start school .
A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate .
A group of students in uniform stand in front of the gate .
Crowd of people near the water .
Group of schoolchildren in uniforms standing at a gate , one kissing her mother goodbye .
A big brown dog floats in a canoe on the river at sunset .
A brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters .
A dog is drifting on a lake in a small boat .
A fat dog sitting in a boat
A golden haired dog is lying in a boat that is traveling on a lake .
A brown and white animal surrounded by trees .
A dog standing outside is looking at the camera .
A tan and white dog standing near green plants .
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants .
The brown dog who looks like a dingo looks out of the forest .
A mountain climber looks down from the summit
A person is rock climbing between two large rock faces .
A rock climber climbs in between two very large rocks .
A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky .
Two large mountains stand high in the air as a person tries to climb one .
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
A man and woman blow bubbles .
A man in a black shirt and a woman in a brown shirt blow bubbles with pink wands .
an Asian man and an Asian woman are blowing bubbles from pink plastic hoops .
A woman and man are next to each other blowing bubbles .
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass .
Two children playing with a ball on the grass .
Two children play soccer in the park .
Two little boys are playing outside with their soccer ball on the green grass .
A boy plays a game .
A child is playing with an arcade whack a mole style fish game .
A little red-headed boy plays Whack Em !
A small boy is whacking aliens that pop out of an arcade game .
A young child plays an arcade game .
A dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes .
A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .
A small black and tan dog on a leash .
A small dog being held on a leash .
Small brown dog on leash
A young boy and girl sit in a wagon eating corndogs .
Two kids eat corndogs outside .
Two kids sit in a plastic tub outdoors , holding corndogs .
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a small wagon or bin .
two young children eat corndogs .
A man showering in a home outdoor shower facility .
A man uses an outdoor shower .
a person bathes in a homemade shower with a green watering can
A person taking an outside shower , using a watering can as the water source .
A tarp wrapped around a tree and a watering can .
A man does yard work .
A man in jeans is using a yard work tool just above some pavement steps .
A man is cleaning his yard with a leaf blower .
A man using a leaf blower in a garden .
A man works on his garden .
A group of people ride bikes while holding onto large trash bags .
Four people with shopping carts full of bags .
People riding bicycles carry large plastic bags full of cans .
People transport multiple large trash bags on bicycles and in shopping carts .
People traveling with sacks on bikes and carts .
An adult and a child run on the beach .
A woman and a little girl playing in the sand next to the ocean
Two people run down the beach and one of them is pointing .
Two people running on a beach .
two people running on the shore of a beach
a boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish .
A boy catches a fish in a small stream as a girl points .
A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps .
The girl in pink is watching the boy catch a fish from the river .
Two kids fishing near a river .
A blond girl with sunglasses on her head looks squeamish .
A woman wearing sunglasses .
A woman wearing sunglasses on her head looking down .
woman wearing black shirt and glasses on head reacting to something
Woman with black sunglasses looks down at something .
a boxer punches a boxer in the face .
A fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick .
a kickboxer jumping for a kick
Two boxers are in the ring .
Two men kickbox in a ring , one man punching the other .
A little girl in only socks and a necklace is being tossed in the air and caught .
A man is lifting a little girl above his head .
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head .
A naked little girl being thrown into the air .
A young child is held above a man 's head as her hair flies in the air .
A man and woman ride bicycles next to each other .
two bikers bike along the street .
Two men riding bikes on highway .
Two people are riding bicycles along a road .
two people riding their bikes down a street together .
A group of people jump into a lake in unison .
Three boys diving into a lake .
Three boys in swimming trunks are diving into the lake .
Three people diving into water .
Three young men wearing colorful swim trunks are diving into the water .
a dog attempting to drink from an outdoor water faucet
A dog drinking out of a water spigot .
A dog drinks water out of a water fountain .
A hand turns the tap to allow three dogs to drink some water .
Three dogs drinking water at a public spigot .
a body boarder is being dumped on the beach by a wave whilst other surfers are standing around in the water .
A child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard .
Four swimmers in the crystal blue ocean with yellow surfboards .
People surfboarding and standing in the ocean .
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists
A girl in white is swinging a sword .
A lady shows her sword
A woman is swordfighting with an unseen opponent .
Boy in martial arts-style uniform holding a sword .
Two women watching people in white shirts , one of those persons holding a sword .
A group of people stand in front of a rock formation .
Little kid on a man 's shoulders and another man holding a blue backpack in front of a canyon .
The men are walking away from the rocks with a child .
There are two men and a kid hiking outside .
Two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations .
A football player pauses during a game .
A football player wears a green jersey with the number " 4 " on it .
Greenbay football player is being handed a towel on the field .
Green Bay Packer player cooling off
Someone takes a cloth off of a Green Bay Packers football player .
A brindle-coated dog is growling at a jumping brown dog with purple collar inside a park enclosure .
A person is watching two puppies playing .
A person standing behind two dogs interacting with one another .
A person stands next to a snarling brown and black dog while a light brown dog stands up .
Two dogs , one brown , one gray play while a person in jeans stand near by .
Men wearing sunglasses with their backs turned to the camera .
The backs of two men wearing backpacks near some tents .
Two men in black bulletproof vests watch something taking place to the right of the picture .
Two men in black outfits have backpacks .
Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents .
A guy outside playing a guitar and smoking a cigarette .
A man with an electric guitar smokes a cigarette sitting outside .
A scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort .
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar .
Man playing an electric guitar on a sidewalk and smoking a cigarette .
Two men are approaching a gold colored statue of Gandhi .
Two men are standing in a street , one appears to be throwing something .
Two people look up towards a gold statue .
Two people stand and gaze at a golden statue .
Two young men play outside near a golden statue of Ghandi .
A dog in midair catching a ring , while another dog watches .
A dog jumps into the air to catch a ring .
Small , white dog jumping to catch red ring .
Small white dog with brown markings jumping to catch a red ring in his mouth .
Two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors .
a boy holds a basketball angerly .
A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera .
A young boy shows off his basketball skills
The boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court .
There are two boys on a basketball court and one is holding a basketball .
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
A boy dribbling a basketball in a gym .
A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court .
A child in a gray t-shirt is bouncing a basketball on a basketball court .
One little boy dribbles his basketball .
A boy dressed in denim is running on the sidewalk .
A young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall .
a young boy wearing a denim outfit running down the street
Little boy in denim runs through paved , Spanish-style yard area .
Young boy running waring blue jacket and blue jeans , flower pots are in the background on a cement walkway .
a man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city .
A man is inline skating in front of a wooden bench .
A man is wearing Rollerblades standing on a paved area near a park bench .
A man on Rollerblades travelling down the sidewalk .
A man wearing a black shirt and brown pants skates on a concrete surface near a park bench .
People are sitting on step along the water and fishing .
People fishing off a pier .
People fishing off of a boardwalk
Some people are fishing off the wall beside the ocean .
The fishemen enjoy the warm day .
A girl falling off a yellow and blue water tube .
A woman hanging onto the end of a raft .
A woman holds onto a blow-up raft as it is pulled over the water .
A woman rides an inflatable tube pulled by a boat .
A young woman tubing on water .
A boy with a blue hat points towards a bowl full of cork .
A child in medieval clothes points at something on a table .
A child in period costume looking at a table with a bowl , cup , and a basket of apples .
A young boy next to apples at a medieval fair .
The child is sitting at the table with art supplies and apples .
A group of 5 people are walking toward the mountains .
A group of people walking in a scrubland , a mountain in the background .
A group of people walk through the desert .
Five hikers are walking across a large open space towards a mountain .
Five hikers traverse a dry , scrubby plain towards snowy peaks in the background .
a couple wearing black vike helmets sitting on a bench together
A man and a woman are wearing bicycle helmets , and are having a conversation .
A man wearing a bicycle helmet looks at a woman wearing a bicycle helmet .
Interracial couple looks at each other wearing biking helmets
Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench .
a attrative woman climbs over a fence .
A woman climbing a barbed wire fence .
A woman in a cowboy outfit climbs over a wire fence with onlookers from a porch behind her .
Skimply clad cowgirl climbs over barbwire fence
The scantily clad cowgirl climbs over the barbed wire fence to get away from the two threatening people on the deck .
Two brown dogs are fighting and biting each other .
Two brown dogs cavort together near a tree .
Two dogs playing outdoors
Two shaggy yellow dogs playing in a rough manner .
Two tan dogs fight in front of a tree .
A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A young child wearing a mask at Ivars .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
A group of boys play flag football while some bystanders watch .
Kids playing tag football .
several boys playing flag football in blue and white uniforms
Some boys in team uniforms are outside playing sports while people watch .
Young boys play touch football .
a man jumping in a mud puddle in the middle of the street
A man jumps up and down in a puddle in a parking lot .
A smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle .
Man jumping for joy in a rain storm at the beach .
Person in blue coat jumping in standing water on pavement with body of water in the background .
A group of hikers led by a black and white dog climbs a hillside trail covered in ferns .
A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .
People with a dog hike up a green mountain .
Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .
Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .
Two dachshunds , one black the other brown , run on grass .
Two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball .
Two dogs chase a blue ball in a field .
Two small dogs are chasing a ball .
Two small dogs playing in a field with a small ball .
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball
A brown dog reaches for a tennis ball .
A gray dog is looking at a ball in the air .
A large skinny dog is trying to catch a faded green tennis ball .
Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard
A man cleaning the inside of a large pane of glass .
A man holds up a blue cloth and smiles .
A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors .
A man smiles while he washes windows .
The man is wearing a black shirt and holding up a blue item in a window .
A group of teenagers , one with pink hair .
A group of teenagers talk near a cement wall .
A group of teenagers talk next to a building with sandy columns .
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building .
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black .
A girl in a red shirt is standing around with her yellow bag and black purse at her side .
a woman stands near a fountain .
The lady waits with her purse and bag .
The woman stands in front of a rock pond and wears a red shirt .
Woman standing on the street with a shopping bag and a purse .
A man in a neon-colored vest holding up a section of wood
a man in a neon yellow vest carrying a wooden crate
A man in construction gear is moving a large plank of wood to a new destination .
A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board .
Man with short hair moves wooden structure .
A group of children are lined up for a performance on a stage .
A group of girls and boys practice together on a school stage while a few adults and children watch on .
A group of kids are standing onstage in front of an audience ready to perform .
A group of kids onstage .
a large group of children performing on a stage in front of an audience
A girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket
A woman derssed in a black sweater , gloves , hat , and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
A woman in a black cap and outfit sits in the sand .
A woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her .
The girl sitting by a rock is wearing a black coat , black hat , black gloves but is covered by a pink blanket .
A child doing gymnastics
A child gymnast performs a trick in a gymnasium .
A girl in a blue leotard does a somersault on a blue gymnastics mat .
a gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor .
Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring .
A child in green shoes staring down a drain .
A young child in a green shirt and crocks looking down a drain
Blond girl looking down the grating on the road .
The little girl in green bends down the check out the drainpipe .
The small child in green crocks leans over to look inside a grate .
a big tan dog running threw the shallow water with a stick in his mouth .
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
A golden retriever is coming out of the water carrying a stick in its mouth .
A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth .
A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth is walking out of the lake .
A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick .
A dog carries a very big stick through the water .
A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water .
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
A reddish brown dog walking in water carrying a stick in his mouth .
a child in a red coat is holding an armful of snow in front of a house .
A child in a red coat preparing a large snowball .
A child in a red snowsuit plays with snow .
A child makes a ball out of snow .
A kid in orange plays with a ball of snow outside .
A person in a black and red jacket walking up a snowy mountain .
A person is walking up a snowy hill
A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill .
Mountain climber climbing snowy mountaintop .
Person in red and black parka climbing snow covered hill
A man in shorts is standing on a rock looking out at the view from the hilltop .
a man looking at the view of a grassy mountain standing on a rock
A shirtless man standing on a rock overlooking a hillside .
Man with no shirt on wearing shorts and hiking boots standing with hand on his head looking out onto a mountain .
Shirtless man on high cliff with back to camera .
A dog in a field of colorful flowers .
A large brown dog is running through a field of flowers .
A tan dog walks through a field of colorful flowers .
Dog runs through field of flowers
The brown dog walks through the flowers .
Mountain climbing gear on a mountain
Ski equipment , left alone on snowy ski slope .
Ski equipment on the side of a snowy mountain .
Ski equipment sits alone on a snowy mountain
Snowy mountainside with snow gear and poles in forefront .
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs .
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
a skiny dog jumping in the air with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
The dog jumps to catch the ball .
A little girl is petting a golden dog .
A small girl gives a kiss to a tan dog .
A tan dog and a little girl kiss .
A toddler girl puckering up for a kiss from the dog .
A yellow dog licks a little girl on the nose .
A black and white dog chases a pink Frisbee .
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee .
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court .
A black and white dog is running with a pink Frisbee next to him
A dog runs to catch a Frisbee on AstroTurf .
A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on , held by a woman .
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches .
A man in an orange shirt is helping a boy squirt water from a hose into a pond whilst a woman and boy watch .
A smiling family congregate around a water spout in a pasture .
A young child plays with a hose in a field with another child , and two adults .
A lone hiker is sitting on a rock on a snowy mountain trail .
A man descends a snowy mountain .
A person is climbing a snowy mountain .
Someone hiking in the mountains .
The person is in the snowy mountains .
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow .
Two dogs playing on the beach .
Two dogs play on the beach .
Two french poodles romp on a snowy field
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
A group of friends ride the current in a raft .
A group of people river rafting .
A group of people wearing life jackets riding a raft through rough waters .
a large group of people in a red raft wearing red life jackets on the river
this group of people are practicing water safety by wearing preservers while in a raft on the river
A hiker standing on a bluff high in the mountains .
A man feels on top of the world on top of a large rock formation .
A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air .
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain .
A person in a red shirt is standing , with arms raised , at the top of a mountain .
A child plays a red toy guitar and sings into multicolored plastic microphone .
A little boy is playing with a toy guitar and microphone .
A little boy plays a toy guitar while singing into a toy microphone .
A little boy with toy microphone and guitar pretends to play music .
The child has a small red guitar and toy microphone .
A man paddling in water .
A person paddles a boat on a lake .
Beautiful scenery with a boat on the lake .
Person canoes in lake .
The person is in a conoe and holding a paddle in front of some mountains .
A paraglider soars near a cliff and over a body of water .
A person parachuting over the ocean
A purple paraglider flying over the ocean near a cliff .
Someone with a purple parachute has jumped off a cliff .
The purple parachutes floats off the cliff toward the grey ocean below .
A person in a field walks toward their white and orange parachute while another holds it .
People collecting a parachute after landing on the ground .
The parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute .
Two people fold a parachute after they have landed in a field .
Two people on a grassy plain are gathering a parachute that one of the people just used .
a man parachutes into the desert .
A parachute over some sand .
A parachutist lands .
A person is hang gliding over a sandy area .
The parachutist has a bird flying along with him .
Brown dog barks at another brown dog with a stuffed duck in mouth .
Two bird dogs competing for the kill .
two brown dogs play .
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth .
Two Weirmeiner dogs in red collars are playing with a toy bird
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand .
A girl running with outstretched arms
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground .
A little girl is running .
The yuong girl is standing on one leg .
A black dog .
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera .
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves .
A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves .
Black dog lays on grass
A baby crawls next to a street against a blue sky .
A baby crawls on asphalt against a blue sky .
A little Asian boy crawls along on asphalt .
A little toddler in blue pants is crawling on the road .
An Asian baby crawling on a road .
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs .
a baby is holding a controller to a video game above his head .
A little kid holds up a remote control in front of the television .
A young boy is holding a PlayStation controller over his head .
Baby sitting on floor and holding a game controller over its head .
A man has fallen over on the street at night
A man laying on the ground with a wet spot on his pants and a white and red hat .
A man with a hat , and no shoes lays on the ground after he wets himself .
a person lays down on the street with his shoes off .
There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head .
A man and child stand at the bottom of an outdoor staircase near benches .
A man and young boy are standing , looking at each other , in an outdoor garden area .
A man in an ampitheater talking to a boy .
A man talks to a boy in a vacant area .
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the outdoor stairs .
A boy hangs from a t-bar while a man gives him a push .
A little boy being pushed by an older person on playground
A little boy is going down a pulley swing .
a man pushes a boy on a zip line .
A smiling boy slides down a rope while hanging on .
A black dog with brown markings wearing a red vest trots down a path .
A brown and black dog is running along a grassy path wearing a red jacket .
A dog with a reflective garmet running down a rural road
Brown and black dog with red and white jacket run on road in rural area .
Dog with a red cape running on a dirt road .
a couple with a young child wrapped in a blanket sitting on a concrete step
A woman and a man holding a child sit on steps .
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
A young family sitting on stone steps .
The man and woman are sitting on wooden steps holding a baby .
Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area .
A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall .
A group of people stands talking to each other , while one girl in the group holds a bicycle .
The adults and children are gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement .
The girl with the red bike is wearing red pants .
a brown and a black dog play in a field
A brown dog and a black dog are together in tall grass .
A brown dog and a black dog are together in the tall grass .
Two dogs are standing in a very grassy area .
Two dogs in a field looking at each other .
A little girl in stripped tights lays on the laps of a little girl and boy .
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
Three children playing on the floor .
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet .
Three young kids are all tangled up together and playing on a big rug .
A greyhound dog race is happening at the track .
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
three dogs run across the track .
Three greyhound dogs race around a dark track .
Three greyhounds reach the finish line .
A group of people standing in front of a setting sun .
Children in a field at dusk .
Several people are standing near trees at dusk .
The setting sun outlines a group of four people and the surrounding trees .
The sun is setting behind a group of people .
A boy without a shirt is running in the street while several people stand behind him .
A little boy dances with a group of people behind him on a city street .
A small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults .
The little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
The shirtless little boy is walking around adults .
A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle .
Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture .
A man snowboarding down a mountain covered with snow .
A skier rapidly descending a steep snow covered hill .
A snowboarder coasting down the side of a snowy hill .
Snowboarder going down a fresh hill .
The sun is shining above the snow and trees .
A person is walking on a sidewalk and a skeleton is on the left inside of a fence .
A skeleton sits on a fence on the edge of a road .
a skeleton sits on the bushes .
A woman walks down a sidewalk past a Halloween decoration .
There is a large skeleton behind a fence .
A group of horses and people in front of a snowy mountain .
The riders and horses are taking a break and resting on the mountain trail .
Three men are standing around pack horses in front of a red tent up in the mountains .
three riders stand around their horses in the mountains .
Two men and some horses on a snowy mountain .
A black and brown dog is biting on a stick in the forest .
a brown dog chewing on a large piece of wood .
A brown dog is chewing on a stick .
A dark brown dog is chewing on a stick .
The brown dog is playing with a stick .
A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims .
A black dog is retrieving a ball in water .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth .
Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is jumping up at another dog in front of the man in jeans .
A tan dog is grappling another tan dog on gravel while someone stands narby .
Two dogs engaged in physical contact with a man in the background .
Two dogs play fighting on sand .
Two dogs wrestle or hug .
A hiker posing for a photo in an arid mountain landscape .
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
A man in a green hat standing on a slope in front of a mountain .
a man in camouflage hiking gear , wearing a green pouch is standing in the foothills .
A person in hiking gear is standing on a hill with a mountain in the background .
A boy gets flipped into the river by another boy .
A group of children play in the water under a bridge .
An airborne kid is watched by his launcher and others .
Boys jump off a bridge into the water .
Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them .
a little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person 's hand is stretched out to support her .
A little girl in a blue and pink outfit is walking on a balance beam with the aid of woman standing to her left .
A little girl walking down a balance beam with an adult ready to assist .
A young girl is standing on a balance beam .
A young girl practicing gymnastics on a balance beam .
A barefoot young boy glances at the camera while swinging in a park .
A boy swings high under blue sky .
A boy wearing brown swings in a playground against a blue sky .
A young sandy blonde boy is at a park swinging on the swings .
Two children at the height of a swing .
The men are climbing .
Two men are lying in red cots on the side of a mountain .
Two men are sleeping on makeshift beds on the side of a cliff .
Two men in cots hanging from a cliff
Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside .
A little girl in pajamas is jumping on the couch .
A little girl is bouncing on a couch in front of a large bay window .
A little girl jumping on a couch .
A small girl is jumping on a sofa bed .
A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air .
A lady in a white hat and sunglasses riding a bicycle .
A person biking down a city street in gloves and a warm hat .
A person in winter gear is riding a bike near an intersection .
A woman in a winter coat riding a bike down a city street .
A woman wearing a white beanie is riding a bike down the street .
A blurry picture of a woman riding a bike .
A female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike .
A woman rides her bike down the street in the fall .
The girl is wearing a brown coat and helmet as she rides her bike .
Woman rides bicycle in autumn wearing brown jacket
A white dog wearing a christmas reindeer headband plays with a brown dog in the grass among some stuffed animals .
A white dog wearing reindeer ears is next to a brown dog .
A white dog with fake antlers on its head and a brown dog play together outdoors .
The white dog next to the brown dog is wearing a christmas headband .
Two dogs , one wearing christmas antlers , tussle on the grass .
A man doing a back flip while another takes a picture .
A person is taking a picture of another person doing a flip in midair in the grass .
A young man takes a picture of his friend doing gymnastics in a field
One man taking a photo of another man jumping in a field by a small tree .
One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture .
Dogs in a race .
Greyhound dogs wearing racing stripes are running out of a gate on a track .
Greyhounds jumping out of the gate at a race .
Racing greyhounds leave the starting gate .
Three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track .
A brown dog running in a yard .
A dog runs on the grass in a yard , a gazebo in the background .
A dog trotting through someone 's yard .
A large brown dog is running through a grassy backyard .
Large brown dog runs through a large grassy area .
A man in a black hoodie and jeans skateboards down a railing .
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps .
a person is sliding down a brick rail on a snowboard .
A person walks down the brick railing near a set of steps .
A snowboarder rides down a handrail without snow .
A bicyclist dressed in all black in traffic .
A dark skinned man is cycling in a street full of traffic .
A man in black is riding a bike in the parking lot .
A man riding a bike near traffic .
a man riding his bike in traffic
A black dog grabs a bird in its mouth in the pool .
A dog is jumping into a pool to get a duck floating there .
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
a dog jumps in the pool to get a chicken .
The black dog is jumping into the pool to catch a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A woman in a pink hat and a navy blue coat riding a bicycle .
a woman wearing a pink cap riding a bicycle
A woman wearing black clothes , a purple scarf , and a pink hat is riding a bike .
a woman with glasses and a pink hat rides her bike .
The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park .
A man in a white hat uses money to obscure the face of the baby in his baby carrier .
A woman in a white hat holding money and her bags .
A woman juggles her baby , purse , money and food from a market .
A woman wearing a white hat and carrying a baby , a grocery bag , and a blue tote bag , sorts her money .
A woman wearing a white hat is carrying a baby whilst shopping in a market for groceries .
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert .
A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off camera .
A group of people gathered at night watching an event .
A group of people gathered for an event
Several people are gathered and watching an event .
A black and tan puppy is biting the ear of a brown dog .
A black puppy chewing on a brown dog 's neck
A black puppy chewing on an adult brown dog .
A small puppy stands on his hind legs to bite a bigger dog who is lying on the stairs .
The small brown dog is laying down while the black dog is biting it .
A brown dog chasseing a white dog .
A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
A white dog is walking through the leafy grass while a brown dog is about to bite it .
One white dog and one brown dog playing with a stick .
Two little dogs run through the leaves .
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street .
A man wearing a beret rides his bicycle on a recreation trail .
an old man , with a grey beard , riding his bike
Closeup of a man cycling down a road lined with boulders .
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
Three boys in sports casual clothing are posing in front of a blue building
Three boys pose with their arms around each other .
Three boys with arms around each other .
Three young boys with their arms around eachothers shoulders .
Two little boys with brown hair and one with blond hair .
A person in a hang-glider .
A person on a beach in a green hang glider .
A small parasail .
Hang glider on beach
Two parasailors on one parasail landing on a sandy beach in front of a large rocky boulder and the water .
A backpacker standing near water at dusk .
A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water .
A hiker 's profile against a blue sky and mountain range .
A hiker standing on the shore of a lake .
A man with a hiking backpack on is standing in front of a lake with a forest in the background .
A man casting a fishing pole .
a man casting out a fishing line into a stream
A man fishes .
Man standing on edge of stream while casting his fishing line .
Someone casts a fishing line into a body of water .
A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera .
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store .
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store .
A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera inside a store .
A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos .
A hiker makes his way downhill .
A man carying sticks descends a rocky hill .
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day .
Hiker walking along high rocks in front of a blue sky with puffy white clouds .
The man in a blue sweater is climbing down the rocks
boats out on the water on a foggyday
A canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .
A view of a boat from another boat on the water .
Looking over the prow of a boat at another boat on a foggy lake .
One canoe heading for another on a foggy river bank .
A man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward .
a man in black walking past a red and yellow signpost whilst eating .
A man is eating and walking past a yellow and red sign .
A man is eating something and walking down a sidewalk past a big red and yellow sign .
A sign asking for help with a man walking by eating .
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
Two women are bundled up walking through town .
Two women crossing the street on a cold day
Two women walking down the street .
Two women walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored garments , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .
A boy sits in the library , reading a book .
A young boy sits in a chair in a bookstore reading a book .
A young boy takes time to read during his trip to the bookstore .
The boy in glasses is reading .
The boy with glasses is sitting and reading a book .
A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog has a tennis ball in its mouth .
A golden-colored dog , with his eyes alert , holds a brightly colored tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog is playing with the green ball .
Dog running with a tennis ball in its mouth
A group of people in protective gear .
A man looking down wearing racing clothes with a motorcycle to the right .
A man stands outside .
A man wearing dirt bike clothes , with a logo in close-up .
A person in bike riding gear standing with mountains in the background .
A Dalmatian dog running downhill through leaves in a wooded area .
A dalmatian runs through the woods .
A dog runs in the woods .
A dog runs through a very wooded area .
The Dalmation is running through the woods .
A brown dog is running away from his owner .
A brown dog with a lease is running with a person behind the dog .
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on its hind legs .
A tan dog on a leash stands on his hind legs .
Dog on leash running from man
Three children are jumping into the air into a swimming pool at a resort .
Three children are jumping into the water under a palm tree .
Three children jumping into a pool .
Three children jumping into a pool with a palm tree in the middle .
Three children jump into a hotel pool from an artificial island .
A guy with a scarf and woven toboggan .
A man in black and white cap and scarf .
A man wearing a scarf and knitted hat is smiling .
A person wearing a hat and scarf looks to the right .
The man has a poof on top of his woolen hat .
The backs of two girls dressed identically in black shirts and black and red plants as they climb on a fence .
Two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence .
Two girls wearing red pants , black pants , and sandals are climbing a chain link fence .
Two identically dressed girls climbing a fence
Two young girls in matching outfits standing on a chain link fence .
A boy in grey pajamas is jumping on the couch .
A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch .
A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch .
a shirtless boy jumps onto the couch .
The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa .
A black and brown dog is playing on the ice at the edge of a lake .
A black dog is breaking ice at the edge of a stream .
A black dog is stepping on the ice .
A black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river .
A dog stands on the edge of an icy body of water .
an elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by .
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street .
An older woman with blond hair rides a bicycle down the street .
A woman in a grey overcoat rides her bicycle along a street .
Older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle , yellow car is in the background .
a man in the snow wearing a furry hat and a black jacket with a red scarf
A man wearing a hat in a snowstorm .
A man with a goatee wears a fur hat in the snow .
Man in furry hat stands in snow
The man is wearing a scarf , jacket , and a furry hat on a snowy day .
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass .
A black and white dog is running with a muzzle .
A black and white dog wearing a face mask runs through a field .
A black and white dog with a mask on its face is running in a field .
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .
A black and white dog runs beside a brown dog in a green field .
The black and white dog along with the brown dog are galloping outside
Two dogs race through a field .
Two dogs run across the grassy field .
Two dogs running fast in the grass .
A person in a blue jacket , wearing a bicycle helmet is riding a bike
A woman is riding her bicycle .
A woman riding a bike in a park
A woman with a blue jacket wears a helmet as she rides a bike .
A woman with a helmet riding a bike .
A small boy standing near muddy water with something in his hand while someone beside him washes clothing in buckets .
A young black child stands on the edge of a body of water near buckets .
A young boy stands near the water in a muddy river .
Child standing by a rivers edge with laundry in buckets next to them .
On shore near brown water , boy holds object beside buckets of rags .
A boy high in the air above the dirt and water near the red rock cliffs .
A medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek .
a young person wearing a grey shirt and yellow shorts jumping into a river .
Person in yellow shorts , grey shirt with logo jumping from bank into the water .
The boy in yellow shorts leaps from river bank towards the river .
A dog in the snow .
A dog laying in the snow .
A dog lays on the snow .
A golden dog plays in the snow
A red dog crouches in the snow .
A child in a bright red jacket runs through a pile of hay .
A little girl in a red sweater and blue skirt is in the hay .
A young child dances on a straw surface .
The boy is running through hay at a pumpkin patch .
The child is walking through straw .
A boy holding kitchen utensils and making a threatening face
A boy is pulling a wild face whilst waving cooking implements in his hands .
a girl in a tan shirt holding up a fork and knife in one hand and a pot in the other
A person with cooking utilities poses menacingly in a dark environment .
A woman with a knife and fork grimmaces .
Two girls bundled up in winter coats pose for a picture .
Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone .
Two teen girls are looking at a small electronic device while wearing winter coats .
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen .
Two young girls huddle to look at a cellphone .
A girl in a white coat takes pictures .
A girl in a white puffy jacket takes a picture .
a group of people looking into their cameras
Asian woman in white coat takes photo .
The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .
A kayaker falling down a waterfall
A man is kayaking down a waterfall .
A man on a kayak coming down a raging waterfall
A person is on a small boat and going down some very strong water currents .
White water rafter goes through a rough spot .
A man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters .
A rafter in a yellow raft in a steamy white river .
A yellow kayak is descending quickly down a white water rapid .
Kayacker riding rough current downstream .
The yellow kayak is in the middle of the rapids .
A girl in a purple dress smiling as she climbs an indoor rock wall .
A girl is in a dress .
A little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera .
a young girl climbs a rock wall , in a purple dress .
A young girl wears a purple dress .
A Mani is kayaking down some calmer rapids .
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river .
A man in a yellow jacket is floating on the river in a green kayak .
A man smiles in his blue and green kayak .
A man wearing a helmet in a Pyranha kayak floats down some river rapids .
A blonde dog is digging a deep hole in the ground and its tail is up in the air .
A dog half way in a hole in the ground .
A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something .
A dog is digging in the ground and half of his body is under the ground .
The rear end of an animal whose front end is underground .
A person dressed up as a snowman is walking through a crowd of people .
five cold people in the snowstorm , one wearing a snowman head
People pose for a picture in the snow
Three young people pose by a snowman in a red tie .
Two couples pose with a snowman .
A broken down hummer gets towed on a truck bed .
A damaged vehicle is carried by a repair truck in a night-time scene .
A flat bed truck in a parking lot with an army vehicle on its bed .
An old , beat-up jeep being towed away .
Dirty SUV sits on the bed of a tow truck at night .
The girl in the white shirt has a bracelet on and has her arm around the girl in the peach shirt .
The two girls laid on the grass together .
Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling .
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
two young girls hug each other in the grass .
A large man is wearing a headband with mistletoe attached to it .
A man in a sweatshirt and cap wears a flower on his head .
A man wearing a black knit cap with a red and white striped headband with a flower on top .
An man with a black ski cap and a red and white headband looks into the distance .
Man wearing a black hat with a christmas theme .
A dog running with a newspaper in its mouth .
A dog runs down the street , carrying a newspaper .
A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path .
A fluffy , tri-colored dog is running down the road with a paper in its mouth .
An Australian shepherd dog carrying a newspaper in his mouth .
three black dogs are swimming through some murky brown water , one with a yellow object in its mouth .
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball .
Three dogs are up to their necks in water .
Three dogs swim in the water .
A girl in a hooded jacket presents a cake with candles .
A girl in a hood jacket holds a birthday cake with many candles .
A girl in a winter coat with a birthday cake .
A girl is holding a birthday cake .
A young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat .
A brown dog is walking in the water .
A brown dog takes cautious steps in the calm waters with a sandy bottom .
A brown dog wades in the water .
A dog with red fur stands in a body of water .
A large , golden colored dog is walking through water .
A hiker with two hiking poles stands on a hillside with a view of the city below him .
A hiker with two sticks is a standing on a path that is high up on a hill .
A hiking man stands on a cliff overlooking a city .
A man hikes on a dirt path high above a city .
A person holding poles is standing on a rock ledge with bushes on each side overlooking mountains .
A hiker is ready to take on a rugged outdoor trail .
a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background
A man in shorts is hiking in a dry region .
A man stops for a picture with the scenery during his hike .
The man is posing for a picture in the desert wearing a green shirt and hat , and holding a metal detector .
A man in a hat with long sleeves and long pants stands overlooking a city .
A man stands on a cliff overlooking a city .
A man with a backpack and hat is standing by a high cliff where you can see for miles .
Hiker standing on top of a rock overlooking a town .
The man wearing a backpack and a hat , stands on a ledge overlooking a city .
A woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue .
a woman and two small children posing in front of a large cow statue .
A woman gives a baby to a small child to hold as they stand in front of a cow statue .
A woman stands with two children near a decorated bull statue .
The woman and children are standing next to a statue of a cow .
A man in a green hat is someplace up high .
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait .
A man in a hat at a scenic overlook .
a man wearing a green canvas hat with a distnat city in the background
Man with green hate and sunglasses on a high up peak
A woman and man in winter gear stand .
Three adults wearing cold weather gear .
Two people are wearing heavy clothing .
Two people in winter clothing .
two women bundled up on a snowy day
A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists .
A teenage boy dressed in black stands on a snowy street .
A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on .
A young man wearing a black hat and jacket is walking outside .
Punk rock teenager walks with a mean look on his face .
the boy laying face down on a skateboard is being pushed along the ground by another boy .
Two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard .
Two people play on a long skateboard .
Two small children in red shirts playing on a skateboard .
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
Dogs walking in the grassy field .
Large fluffy grey dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog .
one dog standing in some grass with his tongue hanging out and a tan dog in the background
Two dogs of different breeds are standing in a pasture .
Two dogs stand in the grass .
A black dog bounds across the sand .
A dog walking across the desert .
A short black dog is walking over a barren landscape .
A small black dog running across the sand .
A small black dog walks in the sand .
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow .
A woman standing in the snow with people in the background .
A young woman in a spring coat and purple gloves stands in falling snow .
A young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows .
Young asian woman with pink gloves stands in the snow .
A boy in african clothing runs across a concrete wall .
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge .
An African boy in large green shirt is running barefoot along a wall .
A young boy dressed in green running along a smooth , stone wall near a wooded area .
Boy in green tunic on rock wall .
A long haired man walking away beside a canal whist holding onto a railing .
A man walks down a path next to a waterway .
A person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail .
a person with a long ponytail walks along a waterway under a tunnel
The man with long hair is walking along a storm drain .
A man lies on a street with his head and shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up .
A man looks under a car on a wet street .
A man works on a car .
A person lies half under a car , face-down .
A person underneath a car with a jack .
A dog places his head on a man 's face .
A dog snuggles with a man in sunglasses .
A dog with a blue collar is licking a man who 's wearing large tinted sunglasses .
A large brown dog with a blue collar is resting his chin on a man 's face .
An orange dog is licking a man wearing red sunglasses .
A girl holding a crocodile 's mouth closed
A girl is posed over a statue of a dangerous animal .
A girl sits on what appears to be a crocodile .
A girl sitting on top of a crocodile
A girl with red hair is sitting on a crocodile holding its jaw .
A boy stands in the ocean lifting up his shorts .
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water .
A little boy in blue shorts , glasses , and a coat stands in the surf .
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water .
The small child wades ankle deep in the water on the shoreline .
A baby looks through his crib .
A baby , surrounded by some toys , looks out of a playpen .
Baby in playpen with wide eyes
Baby looking through playpen bars at camera .
The infant is laying on its stomach , in a crib , looking up at the camera .
A dog runs through snow in front of the woods .
Large dog running in snow
The dog runs through the snow .
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow .
The German Shepherd is running through the white snow .
A dog lying on its back in the sand .
A white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand .
The dog rolls over to scratch its back in the sand .
The white and brown dog is rolling in the sand .
The white dog is on its back in the sand with paws in the air .
A dog is shaking off water .
A dog shakes his head .
A dog shakes off water
A dog shakes off water and gets contorted .
The dog is shaking water off of his body .
A man and a boy play music as little girls watch .
A man is playing a guitar with a child playing a harmonica while three young girls watch .
Three children watch a man onstage playing guitar .
Three little girls look on as a boy plays the harmonica with an adult guiutarist sitting beside him .
Three little girls watch a band .
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some grey rocks high above some green foliage .
A man in a headband climbing a rock .
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery .
Man climbing a sheet rock face .
Man in red headband climbing a rock
a man looks through his binoculars while another man holds a drink .
A man with a thermos is standing next to a man who is gazing through binoculars .
Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars .
Two men look out as one is holding binoculars .
two people standing next to each other with mountains in the distance .
A hiker waves to the camera as he standing in front of snowcapped mountains .
A man stands on the snow near the mountains .
A person poses in the snow .
A person stands in the snow at the top of a mountian , arms raised .
A skier in the mountains .
a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background .
A man is standing on the rocky ground in front of the mountain .
A man standing in front of an icy mountain .
The person is standing by the water in front of the snow topped mountains .
The traveller pauses in front of the mountain view .
A man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape .
A man is standing on dirt with his hands in the air with mountains and snow behind him .
A man raises his arms on rocky beach .
One lone man with fist in the air with large rocky mountains in the background
Man with outstretched arms standing on snow-covered rocks .
A male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier .
A man with a camera and an ice structure behind him .
A man with a camera crouching on ice .
A man with a camera kneels in front of a giant hill of snow .
The mountain climber prepares to take a photo .
A girl in a ballet fairy costume is touched by a wand .
A young girl performing the nutcracker .
The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy .
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
Young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand .
A hiker is posing in front of snowy mountains .
A hiker is standing in before the mountain holding two walking sticks .
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains .
A man with two ski poles stands near a mountaintop .
The man wears a green hat and jacket while standing in front of a mountain .
A brown chow mix dog is standing in front of a van with euro plats in the middle of a messy yard .
A brown dog standing in a muddy yard .
A brown dogs walks near a green van and some junk .
A large brown dog stands in front of a green van in the yard of a house .
A yellow dog is standing in front of a green car and next to a toilet .
A black and gray cat stands on a contracption while two big dogs stare at it .
Two black and white dogs are looking at a grey and white kitty .
Two black and white dogs look at a kitten perched on some equipment .
Two black and white dogs looking at a black and white kitten who is sitting on top of a tank with hoses on it .
Two dogs are staring at a grey and white cat .
a dog jumps onto the sidewalk .
A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
A tan , white , and black dog runs towards a sidewalk .
Dog leaps out .
The brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs beside the path .
Two dogs drink water in a lake .
Two white dogs are drinking water out of a lake .
Two white dogs drink from the lake .
two white dogs drinking out of a stream
Two white dogs walk around in shallow water .
A little boy jumps on a toy air gun .
A little girl is playing with a colorful toy in the ground .
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street .
A young girl playing with two plastic and foam toy rockets .
A young girl plays on a colorful toy outside .
A man in yellow jumps with his skis .
A man in yellow ski jumping over a barrel .
A man jumps while snow skiing .
A skier catches air over the snow .
Man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area .
A dog is jumping in the snow .
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area .
a large white dog jumping up in the snow
A white dog plays outside in a fenced yard while it snows .
White dog playing in the snow .
A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others .
A baseball player on a playing field springs into action .
A baseball player standing on the mound .
A Philadelphia Phillie pitcher on the pitchers mound with his left leg up behind him .
A pitcher in a red and white uniform in a baseball game has just thrown the ball .
A boy is being watched as he leaps up in the air on a trampoline .
A boy without a shirt on is jumping in the air almost upside down .
A guy standing is watching another guy in midair .
A shirtless teenager bounces on a trampoline as other children watch .
Kids jumping with one boy in midair .
A black dog is leaping into a creek .
A black dog is leaping over a stream of running water .
A black dog jumping off a river bank near a wooded area .
A wet black dog jumping into a lake .
A wet black dog leaps across a stream .
A boy being swarmed by pigeons , marble building in the background .
A boy is surrounded by pigeons .
pigeons attack a blonde boy .
Pigeons swarm all over a boy .
There are birds on the boy
A girl skiing .
A woman on a ski slope .
A woman skier smiles for the camera while on a snowy slope .
A woman standing on a snowy hill about to ski .
A woman with a blue jacket is posing for a picture while skiing down a mountain
A man and woman walking on the sand with water in the background .
A man carrying a baby walks next to a woman along the beach .
A woman and a man carrying a small child walking on a rocky beach .
Two individuals standing on a beach .
Two people stand on a beach and look to the right .
A man on the beach is taking a picture of another man .
A man posing for his photo on a rocky beach .
A man takes a picture of another man at the beach .
Man filiming a man with sunglasses at the beach .
Two men are standing on a rocky shore , while one photographs the other .
A brown dog jumps over a barrier that is black and white .
A dog jumping high to clear the bars .
a dog jumps over the pole .
Orange dog jumps over striped posts on course .
The brown dog is performing a jump in an obstacle course .
A woman in a knit cap and a man in a peacoat sit on a subway , laden with bags .
People in dark clothing sit together .
Three people sitting on a bench .
Two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down .
Two women are sitting with their purses in their laps .
One girl is helping another to take a picture with a digital camera .
Two children take a picture of something in the distance .
Two young girls holding a camera together .
Two young girls looking at camera .
two young kids looking into the same camera
A group of children sit on a bench outside and smile happily .
Five children laugh and smile on a bench .
five giggling children sit on a green bench in a park
The children enjoy something funny as they prepare to have their photo taken .
Two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing .
A dog in some water enclosed by rocky ledge .
A white dog is standing in a pond .
A white dog is walking through a river that runs through a rocky landscape .
A white dog walks through shallow water in the wilderness .
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain .
Two children standing under an awning .
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball .
Two kids in a developing nation are playing a table top game under an awning made from burlap .
Two men play a game beneath a shade .
Two young kids are in a hut .
A blue Jeep drive into deep , muddy water .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
A Jeep gets wheel high in mud .
The car sinks up to the tops of its wheels in the mud .
There is a jeep stuck in mud up to the doors .
A brown and black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the carpet .
A large white dog and a smaller brown dog fight .
A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog .
A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet .
Two dogs playing rough .
A boy being drenched in a downpour of water .
A boy playing in water .
A child in a white sox shirt is covered in water spray and looks distressed .
A young boy wearing a black shirt is getting soaked in the rain .
Children playing in water .
A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand .
A child in a blue shirt is holding something in his hand on a lake shore .
A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water .
A skips rocks near a bridge .
The little boy is at the side of the river throwing rocks .
A boy in a blue shirt and white pants stands on the edge of a lake in a town with a church in the background .
A boy in a blue shirt standing by a lake shore .
A young boy is throwing something into a river .
A young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building .
Little boy standing on the bank of a river .
A girl in a red shirt is rock climbing .
A woman climbs up a steep rock face .
a woman wearing red , climbs up the giant rock .
A young girl with a determined expression climbing a cliff edge .
Blond woman in red top rock climbing .
A black dog in running in a field .
A black dog is running through a marsh-like area .
A black dog runs through a muddy bank .
A dog running through mucky ground .
A mostly black short haired dog is running in a swampy area with its tongue out .
A person wearing a blue hat takes a photo in the snow .
A person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
A woman in a gray hat is aiming her camera in the snow as to take a picture .
A woman takes a picture as it snows .
The lady wearing a black hat is taking a picture while the snow falls .
A group of girls ride an ATV .
Four females wearing helments are riding on an ATV .
Four girls are sitting on a blue ATV in field .
Four girls ride sit on a riding tractor on a farm .
Four girls sit on an ATV in a yard .
A person climbing up a snowy mountain .
A person climbing up the side of a snowy mountain to fetch his or her ski poles .
A skier climbs up a snowy trail toward his poles .
A climber with a backpack accends a snow covered mountain .
Man climbing a steep snow-covered slope .
A dog is running through a green yard .
A dog running though a green yard .
A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area .
A white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air .
Black and white dog running across grass .
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass .
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running through the grass .
a dog sprints across the grass .
A dog wearing a red cape runs quickly across a field .
The brown dog is running on the grass whilst wearing an orange jacket .
Three children covered in soap bubbles smile .
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .
Three young children are covered in foam .
A dog is standing in a small pool of water on top of a mountain .
A dog treads through a shallow area of water located on a rocky mountainside .
A white dog drinks water on a mountain .
A white dog drinks water on a mountainside .
A white dog standing in a pool of water high in the mountains .
A dirty jeep is stuck in the mud .
A Jeep goes off-roading in the woods with muddy trails making it dirty .
A muddy jeep driving through the forest .
A muddy truck in the woods .
The vehicle is driving through mud surrounded by pine trees .
A dog on a green hillside .
A dog standing on the side of a mountain .
A dog stands on the side of a grassy cliff .
A fluffy white dog looks down a steep , grassy embankment .
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside .
A few boats ride in the water in front of a city skyline .
A large boat drives through the harbor .
A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop .
Small yachts in harbor , city in background .
There is a white boat in the bay with a city in the background .
A goalie tries to catch a ball during a soccer game .
A group of guys playing soccer on a field .
Footballers are scrambling around the goal as the goal keeper reaches for the ball .
Four men in green at a soccer goal post trying to score , while 3 men in blue try to prevent it .
Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball .
A group of swimmers are holding on to a rope at the beach
Five women in identical swimsuits hold on to a rope near the ocean .
six girls hold a rope in the ocean .
Swimmers in a line facing away from camera
They are sitting on the edge of the pool by the ocean .
A brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe .
A brown dog lies on a blanket in boat .
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog .
A Dog lying on a blanket at the end of a small boat .
A reddish-brown dog is laying at the front of a white boat on an orange flowered blanket .
A brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass .
a dog runs through the grass .
A shepherd bounds through the grass .
Black and brown dog running on grass .
Brown and tan dog , mouth open with tongue hanging out , running in the grass .
A car is driving towards a green mountain .
A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills .
A small town lies at the base of verdant mountains .
A town and a green mountain in the back .
A town at the foothills of a mountain is seen bustling with typical daytime activity .
Two brown dogs are running through the snow .
Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard .
two brown dogs running through the snow .
Two dogs race across a snowy field .
Two dogs run through a snowy field .
A brown dog running on shore with a boat in the background .
A brown dog runs near the water .
A dog is running on the grass beside a boat on the river .
A large orange dog runs through the grass by the water where a large boat is sailing in the background .
The dog is running in the grass next to the water .
A blond dog with floppy ears runs toward the camera .
A blonde dog runs through the grass .
A dog is running toward the camera .
A golden haired dog is turning direction through low straw grass .
The dog runs towards the camera in a field .
A girl is standing outdoors with her hair blowing everywhere .
a girl lets her hair blow in the wind .
A girls brown hair is thrashed by the wind .
A smiling young woman is shown from the shoulders up with her long hair blowing in the wind .
Smiling girl with brown hair blowing in air .
A woman wearing a mock ancient Egyptian headdress .
A woman wearing glasses , large hoop earrings , and a hooded piece on her head .
A woman wears an Egytian-like headdress .
a woman wears her glasses .
The woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress .
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet , with a green object in the foreground .
A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it .
A brown dog is rolling on its back on a carpet with several green toys nearby .
A dog lies on its back on a dog bed .
The dog is laying on its back near a green ball .
A hummer is driving through a mud puddle several feet deep .
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water .
An old jeep partially submerged in water
Dirty car in body of water
The dirty vehicle is caught in a flood .
A girl wrings out a wet shirt .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
A little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag .
A young girl plays outside .
The little girl in the green outfit is playing with a piece of orange material .
A dog and a cow are on a rocky slope .
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside .
A white dog looks at a nervous cow in a mountain setting .
A white dog stands in front of a cow that has its head down and horns directed at the dog .
Two dogs are in a grassy area .
a boy in green shorts swims past a boy in black shorts in an outdoor pool .
Two boys swim on a sunny day .
Two children swimming in green water .
Two young boys swim and play in an outdoor fountain .
Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water .
A woman in black sitting on a train .
A woman is stretching he legs across three seats on a subway train .
A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car .
Two women in winter clothes ride in a subway car with orange and yellow seats .
Two women sit on a city train .
A group of people are playing with a large red ring .
A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop .
A group of people in a large yard toss a disc .
kids play ultimate Frisbee .
Men playing with a red ring out in the field .
A boy in a swimsuit slides along a stretch of wet plastic .
A boy slides down a water slide as another boy runs past .
A man in black shorts is sliding on a tarp .
Boy in black shorts sliding on black surface covered with water with green trees in the background .
Boy sliding on a wet plastic surface
A girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table .
a little girl holds up her plate .
A little girl is eating cake and strawberries at a wooden table .
A young girl sits at a table and eats .
The little girl is eating outdoors .
An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat .
An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat .
An old man with white hair in a red hat
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance .
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow .
A blue and white sailboat sits by a dock .
A few people park their boat at a dock .
Three men stand atop a boat from Seattle Washington .
Three people are standing on the dock of a boat looking at something off camera .
Three people stand on a boat that is docked .
A black and white dog in a dog-shirt carrying a long piece of wood .
A black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick .
A black and white dog on a leash is wearing a plaid outfit .
A small black and white dog on a leash wearing a shirt carrying a large stick .
A small dog plays with a very big limb .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A dog makes a faithful leap to catch a green and black Frisbee in his mouth .
A leaping dog catches a green and black Frisbee .
A white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy .
Small dog jumps sideways to catch a soft disc .
A woman in gray is smoking a cigarette .
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
Lady with red hair in jeans and grey sweater holding a cigarette .
The redheaded woman holds her purse while putting a cigarette in her mouth .
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .
A child in a red jacket sitting on a red disk in the snow .
A child on a red disc sled slides down a small snow-covered hill .
A child sits on a red disc in the snow .
A child wearing a helmet is sitting on a red sled outside in the snow .
a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet
The two people are standing on a rock , holding themselves up against another rock , while looking down
Three people make their way through rocky terrain .
Three people participate in rock climbing .
Two female hikers hang onto a rock in front of them while looking down into a deep crevice .
Two people wearing backpacks and a woman in red shorts are standing on some large rock formations .
A group is walking between two giant rock formations .
a group of hikers hike .
Hikers walking up red clay path .
Some hikers are walking past a stream that runs between an interesting rock formation .
Some young adults hike by boulders and a stream .
A baby eats and has food on his face .
A boy with lips messy from eating fruit
A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth .
A small child with berries all over its mouth .
A young brown eyed boy with red syrup on his lips is pouring syrup .
A backpacker is walking in front of a mountain with arms crossed .
A hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path .
A hiker with a backpack is walking with a snow-covered mountain in the background .
A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking .
A woman holds herself as she hikes in mountainous terrain .
A brown dog sits alone in front of a snowbank .
A brown dog sits outside next to a large snowbank .
A dog sitting in ice and snow .
The brown dog is sitting down on a snowy path .
The dog sits by a snowdrift .
A boy holds a large icicle .
A boy holds an icicle
A warmly dressed boy pretending an icicle is a gun .
a young boy pretending to play with an ice sculpture gun
Boy holding an icicle pretending it is a gun .
A child in orange poses in the snow riding a blue sled .
A child on a plastic sled .
A child sleds .
A little boy in an orange goggles and coat is playing on a blue sled in the snow .
A young child with snow on his face gets out of a blue sled .
A boy in an orange jacket appears unhappy .
A boy wearing an orange coat winks at the camera .
A winking boy in the snow wears a helmet and an orange LL Bean jacket .
Child in orange jacket and a helmet playing in the snow .
The boy wearing the red jacket and helmet is winking
A boy dives into a pool near a water slide .
A boy in blue swim trunks dives into a swimming pool while two adults look on .
A kid playing in a swimming pool .
A young boy wearing a blue bathing suit flies through the air above a swimming pool .
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch .
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch .
A young boy jumping into a pool .
A young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving " .
The boy is jumping into the swimming pool .
A baby in a Santa hat holds a Santa figure while laying on a brown sofa .
A baby wearing a Santa hat and a red outfit playing with a Santa Claus figure .
a baby wears a Santa hat .
Baby in Santa outfit holding a baby Santa .
The baby is holding a Santa figurine .
A beautiful brown and white St Bernard running in the snow
A St Bernard lunges through the snow .
Large St Bernard dog wearing red collar galloping through the snow .
St Bernard dog running in the snowy field .
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A man helping a young child rollerskate .
A mom is helping her son to Rollerblade .
An adult helping a child ice skate together on a dark rink .
An adult ice skating with a small child with a red shirt on an ice skating rink .
An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate .
A girl on the phone standing in front of beautiful plants is passed by another smiling girl .
A girl wearing a white sweatshirt and jean shorts has a big smile on her face as she walks along .
A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
A teenage girl walks past another with a cellphone .
A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall .
A brown and a black dog are wearing collars and playing with each other .
A brown dog biting a black dog on a sidewalk
The brown dog with a red collar is biting the black dog .
Two dogs , one brown and one black , playing with each other .
Two dogs , one brown , the other black and white , are playing on a sidewalk .
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree .
A boy looks at a new toy during christmas
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas .
Boy indoors by Christmas tree , playing with green , light-up sword toy .
Young boy holding a light saber in front of a Christmas tree with wrapping paper littering the floor .
A man on a bicycle riding on the beach .
A man rides a bike under a blue and white sky .
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean .
An adult riding a bike on a beach with many visible vapour trails in the sky .
A person rides his bicycle in the sand beside the ocean .
A young boy jumping into a lake .
A young boy jumping into a still lake
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake .
The boy is jumping into a lake .
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water .
A girl walks next to a pool .
A young girl in a blue and pink bathing suit runs around a pool .
Girl running next to a pool .
The girl in a bathing suit runs past the blue pool .
The girl in the aqua two piece swimsuit is in front of the aqua pool .
A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow .
A child rides down the snow in a tube .
The kid is on a float in the snow .
There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow .
This person , bundled up for the snow , slides down the hill on an intertube .
A girl in a blue bathing suit is walking away from the water on the beach .
A girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach .
A girl in a blue two piece bathing suit at the beach .
A young girl is wearing a bathing suit and the ocean is behind her .
A young girl wearing a blue bikini swimsuit .
A child in the snow with a house in the background .
A little boy is throwing snow around outside .
Snow covers the ground and a young boy 's jacket .
The little boy with the yellow stripe on his hat is in the snow .
This boy is throwing a snowball .
A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .
A man wears a NASCAR jacket .
An elderly man is wearing a black jacket covered in sponsorship logos .
Older man with glasses wearing a car racing hat and jacket .
The white haired man in the black baseball cap is wearing a black jacket covered with car racing emblems .
A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up .
A woman and a younger girl , both wearing blue jackets and knit caps , slide down a hill on a snow sled , a dog running at their side .
A woman and a young girl riding a sled down a snowy hill while standing .
A woman and girl riding downhill on a sled with a dog running alongside them
Two people on a sled riding down a snowy hill .
A black dog carries an orange ball , walking on the ground covered in leaves .
A black dog with an orange toy in its mouth is walking in fall leaves .
A black lab puppy runs with an orange ball on an autumn day .
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves .
The black dog walks through brown leaves with an orange ball .
A girl colors with markers .
A little girl is carefully coloring in the pictures of a coloring book .
A young girl colors in a coloring book with a choice of many colors from a container .
Little girl coloring pictures indoors .
The little girl is using colored pencils to decorate a coloring book .
a blond girl in a brown shirt with a black pen up her nose
A little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose .
A young girl is looking at the camera with a pen stuck up her nose .
The girl with the wide eyes has a marker hanging from her nose .
Young girl sitting with a black pen in her nose .
A baby with food all over its mouth .
A little boy with baby food on his face .
An adult hods a baby wearing a bib , the baby has food around its mouth .
The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult '
There is a baby with orange-stained lips staring at the camera .
A dog jumping in midair above grass .
A dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field .
A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball .
dog in air
The dog is in the air above the grass .
A black and white dog is playing with a ball on a lawn .
A black and white dog jumps up as a ball is thrown over his head .
dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by
The black and white dog is attempting to catch a ball in the garden .
The dog jumps up waiting to catch something being thrown .
A man holds a boy upside down over a pond .
A man holds a young boy upside down over a puddle of water .
A man plays with a little boy , holding him upside down .
Man holding boy upside down in his arms standing on rocks .
Man with glasses holding boy upside down outside in a stone-filled yard .
Three young boys looking through a window .
Two kids and a woman wave enthusiastically from behind a window .
Two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back .
Two little boys and their mom smiling on the outside of a window .
Two young children , one wearing a red striped shirt , are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind .
Two fluffy white dogs are in the snow .
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .
Two white dogs walk in a snowy setting
Two white dogs walking in the snow .
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together
A black poodle jumping on the head of a white poodle while walking in the snow .
Black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two poodles are running through the snow .
A black dog is jumping into the water off a dock .
A black dog jumping into the water
A black dog jumps off a pier into a lake .
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
A child is wading through water towards the beach .
A small african boy leaves the ocean while many others continue to play behind him .
A small black child playing in the ocean .
A young boy wades in the ocean .
A young boy walks in the water along a wavy shore .
A boy wearing a black and blue life vest is on a green , wooden boat looking out towards the water .
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat .
A child holds on to the side of a small , weathered , green watercraft on the open sea .
A little boy in a life vest is looking out the side of a boat .
A young boy riding in a green boat .
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass .
A small boy is playing in an open field .
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain .
A young boy in a white shirt in a field
A young boy wearing a t-shirt and jeans is walking in a grassy field .
A fluffy white dog and two white sheep smell each other .
A small white dog inspects two sheep .
A white dog is sniffing a sheep through a fence .
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence .
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence .
A diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall , behind which a woman studies .
A picture of the anatomy of a hand .
A woman is sitting at a desk near to a window that has a huge picture of a hand painted on it .
A woman is sitting at a table waiting to tell a customer 's fortune .
a woman sitting in the background at a table
A boat with two fishermen sits peacefully on the lake .
A silhouette of two men in a boat on a misty lake
Two men in a fishing boat on a river enjoy a pleasant morning .
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
Two people drift in a small boat on a foggy lake with trees in the background .
A group of people are standing on a beach near to a white sunshade .
People in bathing suits are on a beach looking at a landform in the distance .
Two men are watching others on a beach shore .
Two men in speedos on the beach .
Two men stand looking at the ocean at a tropical resort .
A girl in a pink jacket and red hat walking near grass .
A girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path .
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking .
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area .
A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow .
A black dog with tan markings stands in deep snow ; there is an evergreen to the right .
a dog plays in the snow .
Dog lies in snow .
The dog is trying to outrun the deep snow .
A man is snowboarding and jumping off of a snow hill .
A person in a black jacket is snowboarding during the evening .
A silhouette of a person snowboarding through a pile of snow .
A snowboarder flying off a snow drift with a colorful sky in the background .
The person in the parka is on a snowboard .
The three dogs are running down a snowy track .
Three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it .
Three dogs are turning direction along a snow tread leading from a low cut field .
Three dogs run in the snow .
Three dogs running on tire tracks in snow .
A child rides a pony while an older child and adult stand next to her .
A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony .
A woman and young girl stand next to another young girl sitting on a brown pony .
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
Two people are arranged around a horse and its rider .
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background .
A man sits in the back of a boat that is grounded on the shore of a large body of water .
A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake .
A man sitting in a rowboat
Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake .
A girl riding a toy horse in a Spider-Man costume
A girl with red hair and a Spider-Man suit on is sitting on a toy horse while holding her arms up and her mouth open .
A little redheaded girl wears a Spider-Man suit while riding a play horse .
A young girl in a Spider-Man outfit rides a toy horse .
A young redheaded girl wearing a Spider-Man costume is riding a hobby horse .
a boy and a girl bouncing on a ball
The children are wearing black tights while hopping .
Two children dressed in black bounce on red and green bouncy balls in a garage .
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls .
Two young children bouncing on balls .
A bike sits atop a rise with mountains in the background .
A man wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his motorbike .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A motocross biker about to descend
The motorcyclist has reached the summit .
A child is using the bathroom .
A little boy is sitting on a blue toilet with his pants pulled down .
A little boy sitting on a toilet with his head resting on his hands .
A little boy using a blue toilet .
A young boy sitting on a blue toilet .
A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another man is standing behind him .
A worker in a blue hard-hat looks on as another man works
One construction worker in a red shirt watching another construction worker with a hammer fix something .
Two construction workers working on a roof top .
Two workers in yellow vests try to fix something .
A man stands at the edge of the water near the rocks .
A shirtless man in a pink hat is standing on a rocky shore .
A shirtless man in a pink hat stands on a rocky shore .
A shirtless man with a backpack and a hat is standing on a rocky shoreline .
The man in shorts and a hat is standing in the bay beside the ocean .
A dog leaps for a toy on a road .
A man and a dog play with a Frisbee .
A person holding a Frisbee just out of reach of a white dog on a rural road
Person holding a Frisbee with a white dog jumping for it on a road .
The dog jumps up to get the Frisbee in the man 's hand .
Two white dogs are running on the grass .
Two white dogs are running through the grass .
Two white dogs running in a field
two white dogs running through the grass
Two white dogs with cutoff tails running in green grass .
dogs racing
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race .
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
A blue rally car pulls away from the spectators watching from the side of the track .
A car is being driven on a trail while people on both sides of the road look on .
A race car zooms while onlookers watch .
A racing car goes through a dirt course while fans watch .
Blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers .
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
A man in a black hat stands in front of a red wall .
A man wearing all black and a black hat is smiling .
A man with a hat , glasses , jewelry and a jacket stands against an orange wall .
There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors .
A boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope .
A child balances on a chair with one arm .
The children play an indoor game .
Two boys in blue clothing are pulling on a rope while one boy is touching a brown chair .
Two boys playing tug of war while one reaches out to chair on left
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground .
A dog runs outside .
A greyish dog running in the snow .
a pitbull running in the snow
The brown dog is running through the snow
A boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches .
A boy jumping off of a diving board while a girl watches .
A boy jumps into a pool while a girl watches .
A girl in a swimming pool looks on while a boy in a mask jumps in from a diving board .
There is a kid jumping off a diving board into a pool .
A dog biting the tail of a cow .
A dog chasing an animals tail on the grass .
A small animal leaps behind a larger animal , the larger animal 's tail obscuring the smaller one 's face .
A small dog chases after a large brown cow .
A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull .
A boy in dark blue clothes is kneeling while holding a toy .
A boy playing with toys in a bedroom .
A boy plays in his bedroom with an air powered rocket .
A boy plays with some toys in the house with a blue chair in the background .
a young boy wearing a blue outfit playing with a rocket .
A baby in winter clothes plays outside .
A small child wearing winter clothes smiles while standing in the snow .
A smiling boy in winter clothes waves his mittened hands outside a building in the snow .
A young child dressed for cold weather is outside .
The child is wearing warm clothing outside in the winter .
Two dogs are walking on a rugged path , one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth .
Two dogs play in a grassy area with a red and blue toy .
Two dogs playing keep-away with red toy on blue string .
Two dogs play with a red plastic toy in the tall grass .
Two dogs walking through nature .
The three children are playing in a fountain .
Three children are playing at a sprinkler park .
Three children play in a water park .
Three kids stand in an array of water fountains .
Three people are wading in shallow water near a stone path and spraying fountains .
A boy wearing a red shirt dumps water out of a yellow bucket onto a girl 's head .
A little boy and a little girl play together in the water .
A young boy at a water park pouring a bucket water on a young girl in a swimsuit .
The boy is pouring a bucket of water over a girl 's head .
Two young children play with water in a fountain .
A boy slides down a snowy hill in an innertube .
A boy snow tubing on a green , blue , and yellow colored tube .
A child laughs while tubing down the snowy mountain .
A small child in an orange , white and black coat coming down a snowy hill on an innertube .
a small child racing down a snowy hill on an innertube
A brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball .
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball .
two white dogs and one brown dog jumping through the dirt after a tennis ball .
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball .
A little girl dances in a grassy field , another girl is in the background .
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass .
A little girl in blue panes dances on the grass .
A small girl standing on one leg in the grass , with another child in the background .
There are two small children playing in a yard .
Two Asian cheerleaders are facing forward waving silver pom-poms , whilst other cheerleaders are performing facing the other way .
Two asian cheerleaders are holding out silver pompoms .
Two asian girls cheerleading for a sporting event
Two girls dressed in light brown wearing black neckties hold foil pom poms while doing a routine with others .
Two young girl cheerleaders wearing a khaki shirt with a black tie cheering .
A man in a white boat is rowing through fog .
A man in his boat on the lake
A man is riding in a boat on the water .
A man sits in a rowboat alone on foggy water .
Man in a small white boat on a lake .
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture .
A man in a red jacket is standing by a bicycle and trailer in a city street .
A man on the street standing by his bicycle .
A man standing beside his bicycle on the street .
The man is wearing a red jacket and standing next to a bicycle .
A brown dog is on top of a triangular structure .
A brown dog is running down a slope while a man follows beside him .
A brown lab dog runs over an obstacle on a course .
Brown dog runs down ramp .
The large , dark colored dog is doing a climbing stunt outdoors , while a man watches .
A black dog runs in front of a large brown and white bull .
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .
a small black dog growling at a large brown and white cow .
Running dog and cow in fenced area .
The dog is running around the cow .
A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures .
a group of people peering over the edge of a large rocky mountain
Several people on top of a mountain look down at the ground .
The mountain are light tan in color .
Three people sitting on a cliff .
A child in a lake .
A little kid is starring into a body of water .
A small girl with a necklace is swimming .
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water .
The child has a necklace on and is in the water .
Dogs participating in a race .
Five dogs racing at night .
Greyhound are racing on a track , and number eight is making a run for first
The dogs ran around the dirt racetrack .
The greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby .
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water .
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water .
A S.C.U.B.A. diver swims in deep blue water .
A scuba diver swims underwater while wearing fins .
The scuba diver floats underwater looking at the beauty of the sea .
A man in a paddle boat on a lake .
A man is rowing a canoe on a lake .
A man is rowing on his boat through very still water .
A old man canoeing with green Lilly pads .
The man in the brown cap is paddling a boat on calm river .
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court .
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court .
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play .
A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard , looking from above .
A little boy is standing above a structure and watching the other boys play a game .
A brown dog is about to jump .
A dog runs through the grass .
a little brown dog running through a field of grass
Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .
The large , brownish dog is running through a grassy area .
A brown dog is swimming and splashing in the water .
a dog swimming through the water
A dog swims in the aqua water .
a tan dog swimming in some water
Brown dog splashing into the water .
Adults , and children in school uniforms , move through a flock of pigeons .
A pair of children in uniforms running through a flock of pigeons .
Children in uniforms chase pigeons .
Schoolchildren chase some pigeons .
Two children in school uniforms chasing birds on a brick paved street .
A girl messily eats a plate of pasta .
A little girl in a high chair is messily eating spaghetti .
A little girl makes a mess on her hand and face while eating in her baby chair .
A young girl sits in a high chair and eats red food while making a mess .
The girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket .
A brown dog appears to be operating a computer .
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .
A dog with a red bandanna has its paws on a laptop 's keyboard and is looking up .
The brown dog with a red bandanna is sitting with its paws up on the computer .
A person crouches at the end of a dock on a lake .
A person is squatting at the end of a pier near a lake .
A person with a red backpack squatting at the end of a dock .
a single person squated down at the edge of a pier overlooking a lake
I am squatting on a dock , looking into a lake .
A city street with two ladies that have shopping bags in their hands with a crowd behind them .
A woman in a hat holding a handbag smiles away from another woman wearing sunglasses and holding a shopping bag .
People are standing on the Hollywood walk of fame .
two older women walking down the busy street with shopping bags
Two women dressed in leather are standing on a city street .
A child playing in the beach sand during a sunset .
A child playing in the sand of a beach with the sun low on the horizon .
A person on the beach beside the ocean at sunset .
Image of a sunset at the beach with a kid in the foreground .
Someone paddles a small boat across a still lake at sunset .
A cyclist wearing a red helmet is riding on the pavement .
A girl is riding a bike on the street while wearing a red helmet .
A person on a bike wearing a red helmet , riding down a street .
A woman wears a red helmet and blue shirt as she goes for a bike ride in the shade .
Person in blue shirt and red helmet riding bike down the road
A brown and black dog laying on a grey plushie in front of a TV showing breaking news .
A dog in a living room laying on a stuffed animal with a television in the background .
A small dog grinding against a stuffed animal .
A small dog laying on a stuffed animal in front of a TV
Dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors , background TV shows breaking news .
A baby cries in a woman 's arms .
A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it .
A baby wearing red begins to cry as a woman makes a face at it .
a little baby cries in his moms arms .
A woman is holding onto a baby that looks like he 's about to cry .
A boy is laying his head on the lap of the person who is sitting at a desk .
A boy leaning against somebody on a booth seat looking under the table .
A child leans on an adult 's lap while peaking underneath a table at a booth .
A little boy lying down looking under a table .
A view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person 's lap .
a dog chases a red ball .
A small dog runs to catch a ball .
A while dog chases a red ball in the yard of a building across the way from a barn .
A white and brown dog is catching a red ball in its mouth .
Little dog chases ball at farm
a black dog runs through the black mud .
A dark brown dog running on a muddy beach , a person in yellow pants following him .
A dirt dog runs down a muddy shore .
A dog running and jumping in the mud , with a person walking behind it .
A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back .
a boy in a red shirt , in front of a long blue wall , raises his eyebrow at the camera
A boy in a red shirt with stripes standing near a blue , brick wall with handicap signs .
An African American boy stands in front of a blue building in the handicapped space .
The boy in the orange shirt looks backwards .
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall .
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage .
A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods .
Orange building in the woods surrounded by trees with white dog running away from it .
The white dog is running on the grass near a small house .
White dog running away from the orange colored house .
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale .
A black dog jumps over rolled hay .
A black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales .
A black dog with white paws jumping from a bale of hay .
Black dog jumps from hay ball to hay ball .
Skiiers are walking through the snow near the mountains .
Skiiers moving along a trail .
Some skiers at a resort .
The skiers are in front of the lodge .
two people ski in the mountains .
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch .
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race .
A boy runs while another family is standing by .
A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run .
A young boy is running a race .
A shot of a ski resort next to a mountain .
a ski resort
People skiing down a slope .
Several people at a ski area with the pine trees and a large snowy mountain in the background .
Skiers are on the snow near to the resort buildings below the mountain range .
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby .
A black dog running along the water
A dog and two birds .
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming .
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
At least 4 people swim in shallow water that grows deeps towards a bridge .
Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a foot bridge in the background .
Kids playing in the water in front of a wooden bridge .
Two children playing in a lake
Two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge .
A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog .
A man playing with a small dog .
A man tries to get a toy away from a small dog .
An man plays with a little dog with a plush toy .
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
A girl holds something while three dogs beg .
A woman stands in a field surrounded by three attentive gray dogs .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman wearing blue .
Three grey dogs jump at a woman .
A dirt biker pushes his motorcycle up a rock while another rider watches .
A man in red on a dirt bike struggles up a rock while another man in red watches .
A man in red pushes his motocross bike up a rock .
A man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike .
A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on
Dogs race on a track .
Dogs racing at the racetrack .
Dogs racing in dirt .
Horse number 8 is racing
The white dog has a blue shirt on and is behind a black dog with a rellow shirt on .
A boy running through a grassy area in a park .
A boy with red shoes runs across a field .
A little boy in shorts and blue t-shirt runs on the grass .
A young boy running on a field
Little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park .
A bunch of people swimming in water .
A group of children in the ocean .
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
Many children are playing and swimming in the water .
Several people swim in a body of water .
A lady is swinging and smiling .
A person swinging on a swing
kid swinging on a swing
Person on swing
This girl is having so much fun on the swing !
A boy is flying down a snow covered slope on his sled .
A boy watches another person falling in the snow .
A snowboarder crashes into another .
a young boy falling down into the snow with another boy in the background
Two children play in the snow with a sled .
A bearded man wearing a bandanna is pointing his finger whilst riding a bicycle .
A man bicycles down the street and points his finger
A man holds an object with his hand while riding his bike down the street .
A man with long hair riding a bicycle gives the peace sign .
Man in blue shirt and black cap riding bike down street flashing peace sign
A boy in a wetsuit on a crowded beach
A boy is wearing a wetsuit on a crowded beach .
A boy wearing a black wetsuit stands on a crowded beach .
a boy wears a wetsuit at the beach .
child wearing a hat at the beach
a group of mostly nude children playing on a bridge over some water .
A group of young boys , one naked , play around a rickety bridge .
Children climbing and standing on a wooden bridge over water .
People walking on an old wooden bridge over the water , one of them is a toddler , while others play under the bridge
There are naked children playing on a wood bridge .
a group of people are crossing a river
A group of people are wading though a stream between steep rocky cliffs .
People wading in a river .
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .
Several people wading in the water at the bottom of a ravine .
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .
A woman dressed in shorts and a t-shirt walking in shallow water in front of a waterfall .
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .
The lady is walking through the water .
Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall .
A boy takes a football from another boy .
On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids .
Several boys are playing football in the grass .
three boys play football in the grass .
Three kids are resting after playing football
A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high .
A group of people in a desert jumping , one throwing a ball .
A group of six people have jumped into the air in the middle of nowhere and one is catching a ball .
Six people are jumping in the air , one of them throwing a ball .
Six people jump for ball .
A little girl and boy play in the sand on the beach .
A young boy and girl play together in the sand .
boy and girl make a sand castle
Two children build a sand castle on the beach .
two kids building a sand castle
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
A person skis with their dog .
A woman cross-country skiing , with a brown dog .
a woman skiing down a snowy mountain with a brown dog on a lesh running with her
The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground .
Boys and adults at a soccer game .
Children playing soccer on a field while parents watch .
Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field .
Two kids are running in a soccer game .
Young boys are running around a field during a soccer game .
A woman is climbing a volleyball net on a beach as two others watch .
Girl climbs volleyball net at beach
People hanging up a volleyball net .
People put up a volleyball net at the beach .
The girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole .
The two girls ride together on the bicycle while sightseeing .
Two girls on a tandem bicycle , looking at wall art .
Two woman ride a bicycle together as they pass a painting on a wall .
two women on a red two seater bike looking at a painting on wall
Two women riding a tandem bicycle go by a wall painting .
A business man and a security guard are smiling and talking outside a glass building .
A man and a guard laugh together .
A man and a police officer are smiling at the photographer .
a man and a police officer talk to each other .
A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera .
Two brown dogs trot along frozen ground in a rural setting .
Two dogs play out in the snow covered grass .
Two dogs run through a snow-patched desert .
Two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert .
Two golden retrievers running in a snow dusted field .
The two men wearing ties stand in front of the " Sound of Kildare " bus .
Two men in suits , one wearing a silver medal , stand in front of a blue bus .
Two men in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medal .
Two men step off the bus together .
Two older men in front of a bus .
a boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target .
A boy is firing a gun at a bullseye attached to a hay barrel .
A boy taking aim at a target on a bale of hay with his bow and arrow .
A young archer aims his bow at a haystack target .
Boy wearing jeans aiming bow and arrow toward target on a hay bale .
A man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building .
An older man in a long sleeved black shirt is walking down a cobblestone street alone .
a old man walks down the uncrowded road .
A person walking in front of a building .
The man is walking near a brown building .
A baby boy sucks on the sweater arm of the woman holding him .
A baby in a green bib with arms around him .
A baby in a high chair .
A baby is sitting in his high chair between a person 's arms .
The baby is holding someone 's arm .
A man grabs the end of a set of bagpipes while another man plays .
A man is playing blowing into bagpipes whilst another man tests the tone with an electronic tuner .
A man plays a bagpipe while another checks on the instrument .
Two men are wearing black hats and carrying bagpipes .
Two men , one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe .
A dog standing in the shallow part of the ocean while the waves splash around .
A dog standing in the water .
A wrinkled dog wading in shallow water .
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean .
The large brown dog stands in the choppy water .
A child riding a scooter indoors .
A girl plays on a red scooter .
Little girl playing on a scooter in her house .
The girl is on a red scooter
The little girl is riding her red scooter .
A man is helping a young girl off a ride at an amusement park .
A man is holding a young child 's hand at a fair .
A man taking a child on a ride at a fair .
An amusement park .
The man in shorts holds the girl 's hand as he leads her along the fence .
A man climbing a cliff face .
A man climbs a sheer cliff face .
A man climbs a steep rock wall using safety ropes .
A man clings to the side of a rock face .
A man is rock climbing with no noticable harness .
a climber is reaching for a large crack in the rock face .
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face
A man reaches high to help him during his rock climb .
A man rock climbing
A man with a white shirt climbing the side of a cliff .
A brown dog is running through an obstacle course .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
A small dog jumping over hurdles .
The brown dog is jumping over a low rail in a grassy yard .
A girl falling down in the snow as another looks on .
A girl in a purple shirt , covered in snow , sliding down a snowy hill .
A girl in motion on snow-covered ground .
A young girl is sliding down a snowbank .
A young girl plays in the snow wearing gloves and no coat .
A man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard .
A snowboarder high in the air .
A snowboarder jumps through the air on their snowboard .
Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump , mountains in background .
The snowboarder is in the middle of a very tall jump
A brown and white dog is jumping up , with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog , holding a stick .
A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth .
A dog in a green collar fetches a stick from the dead leaves .
The brown and white dog with a green collar is biting a stick .
A girl in a blue jacket holding a pink bottle in the front of a crowd of other kids .
A girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something .
Girl with blue jacket holding purple jug in crowd
Teen girl in foreround with crowd faded out in background
The girl in the blue coat is holding a purple capped water bottle .
A dog running on green grass with its mouth open and tongue hanging out .
A dog runs across the grass .
A dog runs across the grassy field .
A white , black , and brown dog runs in a field .
a white dog is running with its mouth open across the grass .
A man is pulling a cart on wheels loaded with nets and is in front of the Ocean Blue Company .
A man pulling around some odd thing on wheels .
A person walks with an artistic contraption in front of the Ocean Blue Company .
Man pulling a cart in the street .
The man in the hat and sandals is pulling a cart behind him .
A brown and white dog plays with a soccer ball on snowy ground .
A dog is playing with a football in the snow .
Large brown dog playing with soccer ball in snow
The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow .
This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth .
A closeup of a teenage girl wearing red beads .
A girl with a Gonzaga sweatshirt and red beads smiles .
a teenager is wearing a grey hooded top and some red beads around her neck .
A young woman with light brown hair wearing a red beaded neclace , a Gonzaga sweatshirt and earrings stands smiling .
Young blond woman with red beads , gray sweatshirt marked GONTAGA .
a boy runs through the grass .
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass .
A little boy in a green soccer uniform is running on the grass .
A little boy wearing a green soccer strip is running on the grass .
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass .
A boy is sitting on a brightly colored chair next to a child 's book playing a guitar .
A toddler is sitting on a red checked chair whilst playing a guitar .
A young child is sitting in a colorful chair with a guitar in his hands and a book sitting next to him .
A young child playing guitar on the chair
Young barefoot boy playing a guitar setting in a large muti colored chair with a picture of three pigs beside him .
a female surfer
A woman in a wetsuit aids a fish in need of attention .
A woman in a wetsuit in surfing in the ocean .
A young woman wearing a wetsuit is in the ocean .
The surfer is wearing a black body suit while picking up her board .
Two children in the woods near a pond .
Two children standing near a wheelbarrow are looking at the lake in front of them .
Two kids in winter clothing play near a lakefront .
Two kids look into the forest
Two people stand near a red wheelbarrow .
A black dog about to catch a flying disc .
A black dog is attempting to catch a thrown object that is red .
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee .
A fast black and white dog is running to catch a red Frisbee .
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee .
A girl in a frilly pink dress , dancing on grass .
A toddler in a pink dress walks through the grass .
A young girl dressed in a princess costume dress
A young girl dressed up in a princess costume outside .
The young girl standing on the grass is wearing a pink dress .
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings .
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building .
A man stands by a building because there is snow and ice on the ground nearby .
a man wearing a jean jacket ND a pair of jeans walking next to a red brick building .
man walking next to building on path clear of snow
A boy in a fancy living room jumps from couch to couch .
A little boy in a yellow shirt and green shorts jumping on the couch .
A young boy leaps from one couch to another .
A young boy wearing a yellow shirt is jumping from chair to couch .
Young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch .
A lady stands in the middle of a crowd wearing white gloves .
A woman tilts her face upward and lifts her white gloved hand
A woman wearing a white glove peers over the crowd .
A woman with a white glove and several others .
A woman with brown hair wearing white gloves .
A blond girl earring Groucho Marx glasses .
A girl in pink wears a funny nose mask .
A little girl is smiling whilst wearing a fake nose and glasses .
Blonde girl with pink top smiling while wearing funny glasses with large nose .
Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses .
A child in red is guided by an adult .
A child in red , wearing rollerskates is being pushed along by an adult in black .
An adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating .
Child in red coat gets help with ice skating .
Older person is helping a child on ice skates .
a boy in a red jacket is jumping in the sand
A child is wearing a red shirt and raising their arms .
A child plays on the dirt .
A small child jumps high above a sandy field .
Boy in red jumping forward on sand , hill in background .
a long bicyclist wearing a white helmet riding down a mountain path
A man riding a bike down a hill .
A person on a bike coming down off a wooded hill .
A woman is riding a bicycle through a forest .
Person riding bicycle down dirt hill in wooded area
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A little girl in pink pajamas tries to operate a camera .
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom .
Small girl in pink clothing holding a camera in her hands .
The girl in the pink sweater is playing with a camera whilst being watched by the woman on the couch
A little Jewish boy is watching an old man playing the violin in a park .
An old man playing a violin at a park as a young boy watches .
An old man playing the violin is being watched by a child .
Little boy watching an old man play violin in the park .
The young boy listens to the elderly gentleman playing violin at the park .
A couple sits at a cramped table in a busy restaurant .
A couple sits at a table for lunch in a mall .
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant .
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant .
The man wearing black makes a face as the woman across from him speaks .
a elderly lady and a middleaged man talk over a table .
A man and woman sit across from each other at a restaurant table .
A young man and an older woman sitting together in a restaurant .
Man with older woman , seated at table in sunny , crowded area .
The man and the woman are sitting at a table in a food court .
A beige puppy walks across the floor .
A small puppy rungs towards the camera .
A white puppy is running on a tiled floor .
puppy running on the floor
The white dog ran across the tile floor .
A man wearing a red helmet jumps up while riding a skateboard .
A young man wearing a red jacket performs a jump on a red skateboard .
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard .
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park .
Young man is performing a trick on a skateboard in a park .
A boy stands inside a half-completed igloo .
A boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo
A childing hiding in a snow fort .
a man in a stripy hat is standing in a house built from ice that has a pair of boots in the doorway .
Child inside of large snow fort .
A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her .
A little girl is climbing up a rock as her mom 's shadow is casting over the rock .
A small child climbs a large rock while someone casting a shadow takes her picture .
A young girl is rock climbing .
The long black shadow casts a image on the rock while the young girl climbs the rock .
a boy is kissing a woman on the cheek next to a girl who is wide eyed and sticking out her tongue .
A mother and two children are posing with funny faces .
An adult with two kids , one child making a face and the other kissing the adult 's cheek .
Boy kissing woman and girl sticking out her tongue
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
A black dog is running across a field .
A black dog is running in a field of grass and another black dog can be seen behind him .
The two black dogs are running through the grass .
Two black dogs are running in the grass together .
Two black dogs run through a field .
A Golden Labrador is swimming through water with a red toy in its mouth .
A white dog swimming while holding a orange toy in his mouth .
A white dog swims in the water while holding a red object in its mouth .
A white dog swims through the water with a red toy .
a yellow dog swimming in the water with something red in his mouth
A girl in a bathing suit carries a paddle .
A little girl holds a wooden stick .
A young girl is pouting her lips and holding a long-handled tool .
The little girl in the black and red top is holding a long wooden stick .
The little girl is holding up a stick .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping from one couch to another in a well apportioned living room .
a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch .
A little girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air in her house .
A little girl jumps through the air to land on the sofa .
Girl jumps from couch to couch .
A group of boys pose for a picture .
A group of boys pose for a picture on a crowded street .
A group of young Middle Eastern kids posing for the picture
Children smiling and making faces to the camera .
five boys smile for the picture .
A baby in campflauge crawls on a clean hardwood floor .
A small boy wearing pajamas crawls across the floor .
A young child is on all fours inside .
Boy in camouflage crawls on floor .
little boy in Cami crawling on brown floor
A woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard .
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A woman holds a small infant over a skateboard at the beach .
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach .
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
A lady in orange is running .
A woman in an orange jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
A woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
A woman in orange sunglasses jogs .
A woman in red with a black headband running on a street with three other people in the background .
A dark haired boy in a gold shirt is inside a piece of blue plastic play equipment .
A little boy in a yellow jersey playing in a playgym .
A small boy plays in a plastic blue tunnel toy .
Baby crawling inside a toy .
Little boy in yellow shirt is climbing out of a plastic playground tunnel .
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out .
a little boy plays in the snow .
A toddler in a red jacket is balancing on top of snow .
A young child wearing orange balances on a snowy ledge .
The little boy in black and orange walks through the snow .
A dog with tiger colorings steps into the water .
A large dog stands in the water .
A medium sized animal in a lake
Dog in water , looking over shoulder at camera .
Grayhound dog standing in still water .
A roller derby woman wearing a helmet has a tattoo of a white Indian pulling back a bow .
a woman wearing a pink crash helmet has a tattoo of a native American on her shoulder .
The lady has a tattoo .
This helmeted person has a tattoo of an indian lady on their arm .
Woman with red crash helmet and Native American tattoo on her arm .
A group of large white and orange dogs are in the grass .
Dogs play with stick
Four dogs play together outside with sticks .
Four dogs play with each other and with sticks .
The dogs are playing with a stick outside .
A black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field .
A black dog frolics in the snow .
A black dog running .
A jumping black dog .
The black dog leaps a pile of driftwood as he runs the beach .
A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps at the bar .
A bunch of beer pull tabs at a bar with Christmas lights on the ceiling .
A man in a bar .
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling .
A black and brown dog is standing outdoors at night .
A black dog is standing outside in the dark of night .
A Doberman Pinscher at night
Black dog in the yard at night .
The black dog is standing on the grass at night .
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings .
A man wears a clear plastic cap and face mask .
A man wears a mask around his mouth and a hair net by a brick wall .
a young man with a hairnet over his hair and his mouth wearing a black jacket .
Young man wearing hair net on head and face
A man is sitting on the floor outside a door and his head on his chin .
A man sits against a yellow wall wearing all black .
A man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building .
Man with black hat , coat , and pants sitting next to the door of a building .
The man in the black hat is sitting on the floor beside the green door .
A black cat hugging a white and gray dog .
A black cat playing with a white puppy next to a duck toy .
A black cat wrestles with a white dog who has blue eyes .
A dog and a cat are playing on a wooden floor .
A husky and a black cat nuzzling .
A boy in a red shirt sits on a rock on the edge of a river .
A child on a rock in a stream .
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water .
One boy sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water .
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants .
A dog climbing stone stairs surrounded by plants .
A dog climbs steps near plants .
A dog runs up some outdoor steps .
A small dog going up concrete stairs near many plants .
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue .
A boy plays with a dog and a Frisbee .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth chasing a boy in a field .
A red shirted boy and a black dog with a Frisbee run in the green grass .
The small boy is running in front of a black dog with a Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown dog on the beach with a yellow ball in his mouth .
a dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A tan dog runs at the beach carrying a yellow ball .
A yellow dog carries a ball in its mouth on the beach .
The yellow dog walks on the beach with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog gets ready to catch a yellow ball while standing in the sand .
A dog trying to catch a tennis ball .
A dog watches a tennis ball on the beach .
A gold dog is on the beach and is looking at the tennis ball in the air .
a golden dog tries to catch a ball
A man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building .
A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .
A man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure .
A man poses outside a tourist location .
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and sunglasses standing next to two children .
Two big dogs wade in the ocean
Two dogs are wading in a river .
Two dogs play in the water .
Two dogs wade in the water .
Two dogs walk in a body of water .
A man watching two dogs in the water .
Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water .
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock .
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock .
Two dogs wade through shallow water while a man watches from a dock .
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms .
A brown and white dog running in a field of grass .
A brown and white dog runs on brownish grass .
The dog is running in a field .
The dog is running in the grass .
A clown blowing a whistle .
A man with his face painted white is blowing a whistle .
A person in white makeup and clothes blowing a whistle .
A teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint , ear muffs , and a yellow hat while another teen watches .
Man with a painted white face blowing a whistle .
A few people stand around the counter of an establishment .
A group of men stand in line in a dimly-lit restaurant bar .
A group of people standing in a bar .
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant .
This man is the red shirt is waiting at a restaurant .
a black and brown dog running in a field
a brown and black dog running across a grassy field
A dog jogs through the grass .
A tan and black dog walks happily through a field .
The large brown dog is walking through the green grass .
A man and a little girl walking down the street .
A man and girl hold hands walking down the street .
A man and little girl walk next to a sign about crime .
A man in a black jacket is holding a little girl 's hand while walking down the city street
The man in the black jacket is holding the little girl 's hand as they pass a yellow sign .
A boy in a red uniform plays hockey outside .
The two boys are wearing ice skates and hockey equipment .
Two children are playing hockey on a frozen pond
Two young children play hockey on ice .
Two young children skate across the ice holding hockey sticks .
A man is carrying a surfboard along a stone wall that leads to the ocean .
Man in green swim trunks carrying a surfboard along a rock wall to the ocean .
Surfers walking along a seawall as the ocean churns around them .
Two surfers carry their boards to the end of a walkway to join the others in the water .
Two surfers walk along a rock wall to reach the waves .
A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face .
A man in blue takes a photo of the person taking a photo of him .
A man taking a picture with a silver camera .
Man in a blue shirt with a camera .
The man is outdoors , holding a camera .
The rock climbers are on their equipment in front of a cave .
Two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff .
Two people hanging on a rope over a cliff .
Two people lower themselves into a cave with long ropes .
two people repel down into a hole .
A man and two women standing by a wood pole in front of steps .
Three students standing together in front of a stairway .
Three young adults look towards the camera in a school setting .
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling .
Two women and a man smile for the camera .
A man in jeans lying down on a pole outdoors .
A man in jeans reclines while another watches .
A man lays on a wood ramp while another holds a fishing pole .
Man in blue shirt and jeans lying on some boards with a man fishing in the background .
Man laying on a platform outside on some rocks .
A woman in a animal print coat standing next to a smoking woman .
Two women are standing and one of them is smoking .
Two women outside and one is smoking
Two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette .
Tw woman stand outside a building , and one is smoking .
A black and white dog frolics in the snow .
A black and white dog is climbing stairs in the snow .
A black and white dog walks in the snow .
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps .
A dog walks on rocks covered by snow
A woman in a purple dress plays with her hair while waiting in a lobby .
A woman in a purple dress rubs her head as other people look on .
People are gathered at a bar .
The woman in the purple dress is looking towards the people at the door with her hand running through her hair .
Woman at bar looks on at another woman being approached by a man
A baby swimming in a pool held up by an adult .
A small baby with his mouth open in a green diaper being held in the water .
A young child is being taught to swim in a pool .
Baby in the water being held up by an adult 's arms .
Baby in water , held by hands of person out of shot .
A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them .
A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile .
A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons .
A small girl stands among many large watermelons .
a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons
A bunch of asian children on steps .
A large group of Asian children sit on or stand near steps .
Group of children in blue uniforms sitting on steps .
Little children in school uniforms congregate on the steps .
Many school children dressed in the same uniform are sitting on stairs .
A baby with an airplane on his shirt sits in a high chair .
a boy sits in his seat .
A little boy in a beige outfit .
A toddler is sitting down .
Toddler boy wearing airplane shirt , in stroller with large beads .
Two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones .
Two dads take a break at the birthday party .
Two men wearing cone hats sit on a wooden bench .
Two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head .
Two men with strange hats sit on a bench .
A brown dog is jumping over a pole with fire on the ends .
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end .
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end .
A tan dog is jumping over a hurdle that is on fire on the ends
A yellow dog is jumping over a flaming hurdle .
A brown dog jumps through three hoops .
A dog is jumping through hoops held by people .
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop .
A medium size dog is jumping through hoops which are being held by men .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
A brown dog is jumping in the air near a pink-coated girl .
A girl stands with a brown dog outside .
a large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman .
A large dog is jumping up at the girl wearing a pink jacket .
A woman is standing in front of a dog that 's standing on its hind legs .
Children stretch outside .
Two boys hold their feet in their hands while balancing on one foot .
Two boys in running clothes stretching .
Two boys standing holding the ankle of one crossed leg .
two young man holding one leg in their hand
A baby sits in a black and white chair and puts its fingers up its nose .
A baby with food smeared on its face and two fingers up its nose .
A baby with its fingers up its nose .
A baby with two fingers up its nose , covered in chocolate pudding
A young baby with food on her face in a purple shirt and both fingers up her nose
a group of greyhound dogs in a race leaving the gate
Greyhounds race on a track .
many dogs race around the track .
The dogs are ready to race and are all wearing their muzzles .
The racing greyhounds have broken from the starting gate .
A beautiful sunset with three people in a boat on the lake .
As the sunsets 3 people are on a small boat enjoying the view
Three people are in a canoe on a calm lake with the sun reflecting yellow .
Three people are on a boat in the middle of the water while the sun is in the back .
Three people in a boat float on the water at sunset .
A man among steep and snowy mountains .
Someone hikes down a steep , frozen mountainside .
The grass has ice on it and there is a mountain in the background .
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain .
The person is high on a mountain during sunset .
A group of dogs run down a dry field .
Four dogs run in a field behind a barn .
Four dogs run toward a tennis ball while another stands in the background .
several diferent colored dogs running through the grass
The dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
A man in a black jacket and jeans stands in front of a brick wall .
A man wearing jeans and a backpack stands on the sidewalk .
A man with backpack stands in front of a brown brick wall .
A man with glasses and a red backpack standing in front of a brick wall
The man in the black jacket is waiting .
Two people are walking in a desert .
Two people are walking through the sand .
Two people , one with a black jacket and one with a blue headscarf , are walking along a desert-like area .
two people walking along a huge desert with a statue in the distance .
Two people walk out onto the desert sand .
A young girl in a green shirt is running in a gym .
A young girl in a green shirt playing basketball .
Children run inside a court .
The young basketball player moves into the front court .
two team players wearing green shirts running along the court .
A man surfs by the Golden Gate bridge on a foggy day .
A surfer rides a wave under a red bridge .
A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
A surfer under a bridge .
Man surfing under the Golden Gate Bridge on a foggy day .
A child in purple winter gear is on a red sled .
A child is sledding on a red sled
A girl in a purple coat on a red sled coasting down a snowy hill .
A young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled .
Girl wearing purple jacket rides a red snow sled .
A curly haired girl is dragging a grey inflatable raft with a red paddle into the water .
A girl in a yellow headscarf is pulling a boat to the water .
A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water .
a woman pulls her raft into the water .
Someone is pulling an inflatable boat with an oar in it .
A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side .
A black doberman , a brown and white corgi and a black , brown and white corgi play with a blue ball on the grass .
Three dogs , one of whom has a blue ball .
Three dogs on grass , one with a blue ball in its mouth .
Three dogs playing with a blue ball .
A child looks at a guard in red uniform from the other side of a fence
a little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut .
A little boy looling over the fence at a guard standing in front of a black shed .
A little kid stands and looks at the military guard who is guarding a building .
A young boy stands and watches a British guardsman .
A brown and black dog are fighting on snow .
Two dogs are playing in the white snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow
Two large dogs play together in the snow .
A guy is staring at a blonde lady in a blue jacket .
A man stands next to a lady with a dog hat .
A man walks next to the girl wearing headphones on a winters day .
A man with glasses and a woman wearing a hat that looks like a dog are outside in the snow .
A woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow .
A little girl is shoveling snow .
A small child dressed all in blue for winter stands holding a red snowshovel with a snow covered mini van behind him .
A small child is shoveling snow with an orange shovel .
A toddler shovels a snowy driveway with a bright orange shovel .
A young child shovels snow .
A beautiful view of the mountains on a snowy day .
A snowy peak .
People walking up a snowy mountain .
The brown mountains have snow on them and there are clouds in the sky .
The mountain climbers set up camp at the apex .
A dog attempting to chew on a red ball .
A dog with a red ball .
A German shepherd is playing with a red ball .
A German Shepherd is playing with a red ball .
a German Sheppard dog bting a large red ball
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
a young blond girl standing in front of a large fenced in fountain
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain .
The little girl in a white dress is standing in front of the large park fountain .
A dog running with a toy in his mouth .
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A yellow dog running through a yard covered in leaves while holding a yellow toy in his mouth .
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
The dog has retrieved his toy .
A brown and a black and brown dog are playing in the water and the black one is carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A dog runs through the water with a stick while another dog stands there .
Two dogs are running through a wet , grassy area and one is carrying a long stick .
Two dogs fight over a stick in a flooded field .
Two dogs playing in a flooded field with a stick .
a group of school children walking around outside in their uniforms
Japanese school children are going to class
Japanese school girls walk down the street .
People walk along on the street .
Uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street .
Four people are lining up to purchase tickets at the theater .
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth .
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket .
The man and woman at the window are turned around to the man and woman behind them .
Two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth .
Four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences .
Four cyclists on a country trail are passing by an electricity pylon .
The four bicyclists are riding through the desert .
three bikers bike across the dry land .
Three cyclists ride near mountain .
A man in a hat sits outside near some cardboard boxes .
a man plays his guitar on the street .
A man sits on a box and plays a guitar in the street .
A man sits ourdoors next to cardboard boxes and plays an instrument .
An older musician perfoms on the street behind a cardboard box .
A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh .
A child touching a red plastic object , with a crowd behind him .
A girl in a crowd laughs and climbs on something .
Many children having fun outside near large buildings .
There is a girl in a red jacket smiling with her hand on a red blowup and a crowd behind her .
A girl with dyed red hair wearing striped clothing talking on a cellphone .
A girl with read dreadlocks is talking on the phone .
a red haired girl with a black and white striped shirt talking on a cellphone
A woman with bright red hair and striped clothing talks on a phone .
A woman with red hair and a black striped shirt talking on the phone .
a man in green holding a camera stands between two of the head statues on Easter island .
A man stands between to large sculptures on a field .
A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island .
A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces .
A person stands next to the Easter Island statues .
A crowd of young people in winter clothing , waiting for the train .
Several people are looking at their phones in a crowded station .
three Japanese people wait for the train .
Three people in an Asian transportation station are all focused on their cellphones .
Three people in jackets , holding bags looking at their phones .
A blond dog walks in a creek with banks filled with snow .
A blonde dog makes his way up an icy stream with snow piled up on the sides .
A tan dog walks down a stream between mounds of snow .
Brown dog walks through river between snowbanks .
The dog walks through the cold water .
A white dog catching a soccer ball midair .
A white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard .
A yellow lab jumping up into the air to catch a soccer ball .
Large white dog jumps in the air to catch a black and white soccer ball .
White dog leaping in the air for a soccer ball .
Adults in winter jackets and hats swing brooms at a little yellow ball while a black dog looks on .
A group of people and a dog sweeping snow .
A group of people playing in the snow with brooms .
A group of people with brooms standing in the snow with a dog in the forefront .
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .
Children play basketball on a court .
four young boys play basketball .
Several children are playing a basketball game on a basketball court .
Three small boys play basketball indoors .
Three small boys playing basketball .
A caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain .
A line of green and red dune buggys on a gravel road near rocks and large pine trees .
A line of off road vehicles riding along a trail .
A long line of off-road vehicles on a mountain trail
Several off-road vehicles are driving down a gravel road .
A man and a dog running across shallow water on a beach .
A man and his dog walk on the ice of a frozen pond .
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog .
a man in a brown jacket is running on a sandy bay towards a dog that is in turn running towards him .
The backview of a man dressed up in a jacket and a dog running towards him .
A man and a woman wait to cross a street .
a man talks on his cellphone and another man rides a wheelchair .
A woman crosses the street near a man , who is on his cellphone .
A woman in a coat and a man in a tracksuit talking on a phone cross the street .
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter .
An elderly woman in burgundy scratches her face as she observes a young man in a blue jacket and white baseball cap .
An elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy
A woman scratching her face .
There are two people , a lady with a big ring on her finger , and a boy wearing a blue jacket .
The woman in red clothing is wearing a ring and looking at a boy in blue clothing .
A boy in red is jumping in a playground sand pit .
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox .
A boy in red jumps backward onto the sand at a playground .
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .
a young boy wearing a bright red outfit jumping into the sand at a playground .
a boy jumps on the bright colored pillows .
A little boy is jumping on a couch that has a yellow and blue cushion resting on it .
A young boy jumps on the brown couch in his gray and blue Spiderman outfit .
A young child jumping onto a couch .
Little boy wearing gray and blue pajamas jumping on furniture with a blue and a orange pillow under him .
A brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half .
Two dogs play with a Frisbee .
Two younger dogs biting a Frisbee playfully .
A dog plays in the snow .
A dog , wearing a coat , looks up from the snow .
A small white and grey dog in a jacket standing in the snow .
A white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow .
The white dog stands in the snow wearing a black jacket .
A dark haired man in his twenties drinks a green liquid from a plastic mug .
A distored image of a man drinking a green liquid in a mug .
A man in an oxford shirt drinks from a beer mug in an large tent .
A man sipping a drink .
a single man drinking a mug of green liquid
A person is reading a magazine on a snowing sidewalk .
A person wearing jeans and a brown coat is reading and smoking on the sidewalk by a road covered with dirty snow .
A woman reads on newspaper on a snow covered street .
A woman smokes a cigarette and looks at a magazine in the middle of a snowy road .
A woman smoking a cigarette is standing next to the road during a wintery day .
A boy stands on a rocky mountain .
A child on a rock formation .
A child sitting on a rock formation .
a little boy sitts on top of a big rock .
A person in a red jacket on top of rocks .
A man dressed in black walks on an icy sidewalk
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .
A quiet sidewalk in a town with a view of a traffic intersection .
Man walking toward his car on an icy sidewalk in the city .
There is a man dressed in black walking on a sidewalk with melted snow .
A boy playing basketball in a gym
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot .
A young boy , playing basketball , is getting ready to take a shot .
The boy in the white jersey is dribbling the orange Wizards basketball .
The little boy in the red shorts is going to shoot a basket .
A busy street of people and two men are wearing no shirts .
A man walks with his shirt off and rolled up pants in a busy city street .
Many people are walking in a crowded street .
The lady watches the man without a shirt .
Young people are walking around a public square on a warm day .
A bunch on people are seated in a stadium .
A crowded stadium is full of people watching an event .
A crowd of people fill up a packed stadium .
A crowd sitting in an indoor stadium .
A stadium full of people watch a game .
Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier
Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street .
Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall .
Two little boys holding apples near the street .
Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier .
a boy walks .
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track .
A boy with face paint is running on a track .
a young boy running a race on a track with a painted face
Boy with a painted face is walking around a track .
An Asian girl and boy playing on with a yellow ball on a black and white floor .
Two children play and one has a beach ball .
Two children play with a ball on the floor .
Two young children playing with each other and a ball .
Young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball
Two big dogs play in the snow under a tree .
Two dogs are playing in the snow next to a tree .
Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in snow near a tree .
Two dogs play in the snow on the ground near a tree , with one on top of the other .
Two dogs tussle in the snow over a tennis ball .
A Louis Vuitton store window at night .
A woman looks at clothes in a Louis Vuitton store window .
A woman widow shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store .
The woman in black is looking at outfits in a clothing store window .
Woman on the street window shops in front of the store , Louis Vuitton .
A bird sits in a leafless tree .
A bird sits in a tree .
a black bird sits in a dead tree .
A black bird sitting in a leafless tree .
A grey dove in a bare tree .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks .
A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff .
A person stands atop a rock face .
The man is on the mountainside .
A man is abseiling down a cliff over the ocean .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
A man is repelling down the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean .
A person rappelling a cliff above a body of water .
A person climbing down a rocky cliffside with water below .
A person repelling on the side of a cliff face .
A person wearing black with a white helmet is going down a mountainside with water below .
Extreme climbing over ocean
Looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water .
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .
Three people in skiing gear are standing behind a " no skiing " sign .
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
Three people standing in the snow behind a No Skiing sign .
Three people stand , ready to ski , next to a no skiing sign .
A man in blue pants repels off a cliff over water .
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
An individual rappelling down a cliff towards the water
A person hangs from a rope on a cliff
Someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean .
A man does technical rock climbing .
A man dressed in all black is climbing down a mountain supported by cords
A man is climbing the side of a cliff .
a man wearing a white helmet is abseiling down a sandy colored rock face .
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling .
A black and white dog is running through the sand at a beach .
A black and white dog playing in the sand .
A dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching .
A dog lunges across a beach .
Black dog running across dirt .
A child holds a football and runs from other children .
A young boy in a blue uniform running with a football while playing a game of flag football .
A young boy weating blue shorts and cleats holding a football running from other boys .
A young male carrying a football and running while two other boys run behind him .
The boy in blue runs with the ball whilst being chased by two boys in red .
A dog is waling on sand .
A dog that looks like Lassie , making a funny face .
a puppy runs in the sand .
Dog has mouth open in field .
The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area .
Two dolphins flying headfirst into a beautiful tropical blue lake
Two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo .
Two dolphins jumping into the water .
Two dolphins jump out of the blue water with palm trees behind them .
Two dolphins jump out of the water together .
An elderly Asian woman wearing a blue winter coat and red hat in front of a food counter .
A woman in a red cap in a store .
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat .
A woman with a red hat and face stands in front of jars .
The hapy asian woman is at the market .
The children of a family play while they wait .
Three Asian kids dance while a man looks on .
Three children do jumping jacks in a public place while a man sits and looks on .
Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby .
Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat .
A couple of playful kids in sweats and jeans romp on the grass .
A girl on someone 's back is laughing .
Kids playing around .
Someone holding a little girl hanging upside down .
Two peoplw with top of heads on grass .
As the brown dog looks the other way , a large black and white dog plays with a smaller black dog .
Orange , brown and white and brown dogs on grass .
Three dogs playing and laying on the grass .
Three dogs playing in a yard together .
three dogs play together .
people waiting for the subway
Some people looking out windows in a large building .
Three people are waiting on a train platform .
Three people standing at a station .
two woman and one man standing near train tracks .
A child in a black wetsuit is in the waves on a surfboard .
A kid on a surfboard riding a small wave .
A small boy in black is surfing .
A young boy in a black wetsuit surfs in the water .
A young surfer rides a wave .
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
Two gray , speckled dogs running down grass hill , trees in background .
Two grey dogs running in green grass .
Two identical dogs bound across a lush green meadow .
Two large gray dogs running through a grassy field .
A black and brown dog is running out of the surf .
A wet dog runs through the surf at a beach .
A wet German Shepherd dog is running out of the ocean with a ball in its mouth .
German shepherd running in ocean surf
The German Shepherd is walking in the body of water .
A fox terrier leaps after a ball .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
A terrier chasing a red ball .
A white and brown dog jumps towards a red ball .
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .
Men dressed in winter clothing stand against a railing on a snowy street
Two men are standing outside in the snow .
two men each wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road
Two men lean against fence on snowy , urban street corner .
Two men standing near a city street in the winter .
A woman in a marching band uniform holding out her arms to another woman .
The girl in the marching band comforts her fellow teammate .
The two band members are wearing hats with yellow feathers .
Two Asian girls in green and yellow band uniforms are facing each other .
two young girls wearing green and yellow uniforms standing in front of each other .
A dirty dogs runs through the woods .
A dog carries a stick through the woods .
A dog jumping over a stick in the yard .
A dog jumps over a stick in a forest .
The furry dog is running through a grassy wooded area .
A German Sheperd and a small white dog are playing
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog .
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog .
Two dogs , one large and one small , are playing together in the grass .
Two dogs playing together on the grass .
A girl is playing a virtual video game while her image is displayed behind her .
A woman dances along with a dancing video-game projected on large screen behind her .
A woman is dancing onstage in front of a screen .
A woman with her arms in the air smiles with a screen behind her .
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen .
A brown and black dog is chasing a black dog in the snow .
a brown dog is chasing a black dog through the snow in front of a wire mesh fence .
Brown dog chasing black dog through snow .
The dogs are running in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair .
A group of foreign people stand with umbrellas on the side of the street .
A group of people with clear umbrellas standing on the street .
People trying to stay dry with umbrellas in the city .
People walk in the rain with umbrellas .
Several people are walking on a rainy busy street in Asia with clear umbrellas .
A man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and reaching into his pocket .
A man in a cowboy hat walks in a department store .
A man in a hat is making his way through a store .
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat walks through a mall .
Six people inside a store .
A closeup of a girl from the backside playing a game on a screen .
A girl is playing a video game on a life sized screen .
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen .
A woman watching herself on a big screen while she is playing a boxing video game .
A German shepherd jumps at a small white dog .
A large dog runs through a field with a smaller dog .
The German Shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs run and play in the long dry grass .
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with its tongue hanging out .
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow .
A brown dog is running through snowy woodland .
A dog runs around in the snowy woods .
A dog with its tongue out walking in the snow .
A donkey pulling a cart with a boy in it takes a brake .
A donkey pulling a car with a man on it
A mule is carring a man in a cart next to some palm trees .
A mule pulling a carriage with a man inside along a dirt path .
A person is pulled in a cart by a donkey .
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
A pale boy playing in a pit of blue balls .
A young boy plays in a red ball pit .
Blonde boy in red shirt plays inside inflatable with blue balls .
Two children are playing in a bin of plastic balls .
A dog runs across the snowy field .
A dog runs in the snow , a fence in the background .
A tan dog runs through the snow .
a white dog running in the snow
A yellow dog runs on white snow on a sunny day .
A boy sitting down smiling for the picture .
A child holding some shoes .
A child in blue and wearing a hat smiles .
A young boy smiling and holding sandals .
The boy is wearing a hat and holding sandals .
A man is laying down inside a black , non-working boat .
A man lays down to rest inside a wood structure against a building .
A man sleeping on a sheltered public bench .
A man sleeps in the lining of a boat that is propped against a brick wall .
Man is lying down inside of a black structure outdoors .
A green fish is jumping out of water .
A large fish breaching the water 's surface .
A large green and blue fish leaps from the water .
a large green fish jumps out of the water .
The large green fish is jumping out of the water .
A man in a black t-shirt looking down as he holds a drink .
A man in black with glasses looks down at a drink .
A man wearing a black cap and glasses is looking at an object in his hand .
A man with a baseball cap on backwards is holding a cup
a man with black rimmed glasses sleeping with a drink in his hand
A biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby .
A man in black walks beside his bike in the city .
A man wearing a black helmet is pushing his bicycle .
Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day .
Man with a bicycle and helmet .
A woman leads three little boys in soccer uniforms .
Children wear soccer uniforms .
The three kids are wearing soccer uniforms on a grass field .
Two children with leg pads are performing stepping actions near another child and an adult .
Young kids with soccer gear on walking towards the camera .
A brown , shaggy dog has a plastic snowman toy in his mouth .
A furry brown dog carries his toy in mouth outside .
A shaggy dog plays with a toy .
A shaggy dog with a toy in its mouth .
A small dog with long hair holds a snowman toy in its mouth .
A boy appears to be dancing to music in a building filled with people .
A man consumed by his surroundings .
a man in a purple shirt is standing in a stadium with his eyes closed .
A man in a purple shirt is standing with his eyes closed .
A young man with a beard at an event .
A group of four kids stand in front of a statue of a large animal .
Children smiling and waving at camera
Four children .
Four children are standing to pose for a photo .
Four dirty and barefooted children .
A man catches a bird from the partly cloudy sky with a long net .
A man wearing camouflage holds a net on a very long handle into the air .
A person trying to catch birds in a Nat .
A person on the grass is throwing a rope in the air .
A person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air .
A man carries dead birds while walking down a hill .
A man is carrying numerous penguins accross a plain .
A man wearing green waterproofs is walking on a grassy cliff top carrying some penguins .
A man with multiple animals in each hand is walking down a uncut grassy hill .
The man walks through a field carrying bundles of dead birds .
A cameraman checks the settings on his camera .
A man with a camera studies his work .
A man with a headset is looking into a video camera .
The man in the purple hat is operating a video camera .
The man wearing a hat and headset is taking a photo .
a man sitting down , with his head down and his eyes closed
A man with a backwards hat sits on the ground .
A teenager in a white shirt and gold hat with his head bowed and eyes closed .
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat sits cross legged .
Young man hanging his head wearing a hat .
A boy hangs onto straps on a train .
A boy in a white and green striped shirt and black shorts .
A young boy is playing around on a tram .
a young man wearing a green and white shirt hanging by two straps in a subway car
Kids riding the subway
a girl wearing a pink scarf and pink bellbottoms riding her bike outside .
A woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge .
A woman with pink bags rides her bike over a bridge .
A woman with silver pants and pink bellbottoms , and a pink scarf riding her bike by a fence , with buildings in the background .
The lady with a pink scarf rides her bike over the bridge .
A person hits a ball with a tennis racket .
A person swings at a tennis ball .
a tennis player wearing a green shirt about to hit a ball with his racquet .
A woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis .
Miami tennis player hits the ball with a forehand .
A black dog is pawing a dog toy .
A dog wearing a coat plays with a toy on fake grass .
a dog wearing a jacket , pounces a toy .
Brown dog pounces on toy .
s grey dog wearing a coat jumping to get a toy .
A big tan dog jumps in the water .
A light brown dog is running in the water .
A light colored dog splashes through the water .
A tan dog splashing in water on the bank of a pond or river .
A white dog is splashing through the water .
Two dogs are running together down a with path covered in dead leaves .
Two dogs run along a path strewn with dead leaves .
Two dogs run down a trail as autumn leaves cover the ground
Two dogs run together through the leaves that have fallen .
Two large dogs walking together through a trail with leaves on the ground .
A boy at the beach dumps a bucket of water on another boy 's head .
a boy pours water on another boy .
A little boy pours water from a bucket onto another little boy 's head .
A small boys dumps water on a baby .
The boy pours water on the baby .
A group of cross-country skiers are skiing down a trail .
A group of cross-country skiers following a path through the forest .
A large group of people cross-country skiing in the snow .
Several cross-country skiers following a trail .
Skiers walking up the slope .
A backpacker hiking near a snowy mountain .
A hiker is walking in the snow with a snow covered mountain behind them .
An adult hikes in the snow with a mountain in the background .
A person across a field of snow with a mountain in the background .
A person stands in the snow at the bottom of a snow covered mountain .
A boy with red shorts is holding a basketball in a basketball court .
A young boy is playing basketball in an official game .
The boy is playing basketball .
The boy runs with the basketball while looking up .
The children are playing basketball indoors .
a big white dog jumps on a small dog .
A large dog chases a small dog on the sand .
A white dog is chasing after a small dog at the beach
Large dog and small dog in sand
The white dog is playing with the muddy dog .
A person is riding a snowboard doing an air stunt over a snowy mound .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder in white soaring through the air .
A snowboarder is in the middle of a jump with one hand raised .
Someone in white winter clothes is snowboarding through the air .
A dog walks across the snow .
A dog walks through the snow in the daylight .
Black and brown dog approaching camera across snow .
Black dog runs through snow with head down
The large , dark colored dog is walking through the snow .
Two black and white dogs run across a green field .
Two dogs are running across a grassy field .
Two dogs with black and white markings running with their mouths open .
Two terriers running in a grassy area .
Two white and black dogs running in the grass .
Skiiers on snow cappedhills
A group of skiers shown on a snow covered mountain .
Five cross-country skiers making their way across snowy terrain .
Five people skiing on snow covered slopes .
There are five skiers , with backpacks , in the snow .
A boy holds a basketball during a game , while others watch .
A boy is holding a basketball in one hand .
a boy is running with a basketball in his hands .
A boy throws a basketball during a game .
A young boy plays basketball while a few people behind him look on .
A man jumps through the air while snowboarding .
A snowboarder in gray pants and a white jacket catches some air .
A snowboarder in gray pants is doing a jump .
A snowboarder with brown pants .
Person wearing grey pants airborne on a snowboard .
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow .
Mountain climbers stopping to rest on climb .
Two men in red and orange jackets leaning on poles in the snow .
Two men with snow equipment stare into the distance .
Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail .
A man with a snowboard sits atop a mountain looking at the view .
A person sitting atop a sandy mountainside staring into waterfalls .
a snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains
A snowboarder sits on a mountain staring at a white foggy scenery .
The snowboarder gazes into the distance at some mountains .
A couple kiss in a subway station .
A couple quietly kisses in the dark .
A darkly lit scene of a man and woman kissing .
A man and woman kissing in a dark subway
A man in a leather jacket is kissing a girl in a subway station .
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground .
A dog runs outside .
Black dog running fast on a field
Black dog running very fast .
Black dog running with his tongue out .
a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag .
A man in a brown coat standing on a porch
A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door .
An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance
The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket .
A dog is carrying a red toy in its mouth running in a field of brown grass next to a second dog .
Two brown dogs running through a field with a red toy
Two brown dogs run side by side and one dog is carrying an orange container in its mouth .
Two brown dogs wearing orange collars are running through some tall grass , one carrying an orange item .
Two greyish brown dogs play with an orange toy .
A group of people hike in skis .
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow .
A lady in red gloves on ski 's has four people behind her .
People are cross-country skiing in a single file line .
Quite a few hikers walk through the snow with their gear .
An elderly man standing near a younger man .
An older gentleman in brown gives a look of astonishment to the camera .
An older man confronts the camera while a young man in a blue jacket looks on .
An older man standing by a younger man with earphones
A older man in beige stands near a younger man in blue in front of a building .
A man is sitting on a green bench located on a grassy hill while playing with a black dog .
a man on a bench feeds a dog .
A man on a bench pets a dog .
Man wearing a grey jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar .
Old man sitting on the park bench with a black dog .
An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house .
A young child plays with a slinky in the family room while an older sibling watches .
Two little children and one is playing with a slinky .
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys .
two young children playing in front of a couch
A white dog with a red collar and a beige dog run near a pool with cats in the background .
Two little white dogs running .
Two small white dogs playing
Two white dogs are running together .
Two white puppies play near a pool .
a girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park .
A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path .
A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day .
A little girl is walking along a path .
A little girl walking down the sidewalk .
A group of boys pouring soda into a white plastic bucket while a man pumps a bicycle pump .
A man , adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm .
A person pours water into a work bucket near a shovel and three other people .
Four guys are in a field .
The kids watched as the soda bottle launched into the air .
A boy runs as others play on a home-made slip and slide .
Children in swimming clothes in a field .
Little kids are playing outside with a water hose and are sliding down a water slide .
Several children are playing outside with a wet tarp on the ground .
Several children playing on a homemade water slide .
Two dark colored dogs fighting one another .
Two dogs are fighting in a field .
Two gray dogs jump at each other over the tall grass .
two grey dogs jumping in the air fighting each other
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .
A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area .
A large brown dog is looking at a medium sized black dog .
A small black dog looks at a larger brown dog in a grassy field .
The big brown dog looks at the small black dog in tall grass .
There is a big dog looking at a little dog .
A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean .
Two girls are at the beach playing in the ocean .
Two girls playing at the beach one in pink and the other in black .
Two girls walking in the ocean .
Two young girls are wading in the ocean wearing shorts and sweat shorts .
A man on a busy street .
A man on the streets .
A man standing on the street .
A man stands at a city crosswalk .
There is a man looking sideways down an out of focus street .
A boy in an orange short plays in bubbles .
A boy in jeans and an orange shirt chases bubbles in the air .
A child blows bubbles outside .
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles .
A young boy runs through bubbles .
A youn woman on a man 's back walking down a cement path with another couple behind them holding hands .
People walk on a path outside .
Several people are walking down a trail .
The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park .
Two couples walking on a path adorned with trees , bushes and grass .
A boy walks near buildings .
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building .
A man walking down a street by a garage .
A person walking past a brick shed .
A young man in a white beanie is walking down the road and passing by a garage .
A little boy is sitting in a wheel barrel while a girl in pink holds the handles .
a young boy in a green wheel barrel with a girl pushing him .
A young boy rides in a wheelbarrow as a young girl holds the handles .
A young girl wearing pink is pushing a green wheel-barrow with a young blond boy in it .
The girl is holding the wheelbarrow while the boy sits inside .
A big dog shakes dry grass off .
A black and white dog wearing collars shakes off on the dead grass .
A dog shakes water off of himself .
A tri-colored dog wearing a green collar and a purple harness is shaking its body .
A white and brown dog shakes off water .
A girl is buried under several playground balls .
A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors .
A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls .
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls .
The child is covered with colorful balls .
A black and white dog stands neck deep in clear water .
A black and white dog swimming in clear water .
A black dog with white facial and chest markings standing in chest high water .
A dog is being hit by a small wave in the ocean .
A dog plays in the water .
a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass
A dog runs through the tall grass .
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass .
Dog running through the weeds .
A dog is walking on a beach with the sun on the horizon .
A large dog with a black collar walking towards the water on a beach with the sun in the background .
A yellow Labrador retriever walks into the ocean at sunset .
Dog on the beach at sunset
The dog walks along a beach at sunset .
A man wearing a black hat is walking through a busy city street .
A silhouette of a man in a hat on a busy city street .
Person with black hat and black coat near buildings with signs .
Three people in a crowded city area .
Thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city .
One black dog chases another on grass nearby a road that was recently snowed on .
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .
Two black dogs chase each other on grass .
Two black dogs running
Two black dogs running on grass .
A man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water .
A man in red trunks looking into a lake .
A young shirtless man in red and black shorts stands on a snowy cliff and looks out over the lake .
Boy standing in snow stares at water .
Man wearing shorts standing in snow next to a body of water .
A family of 7 poses in the snow
A family poses in a snowy forest .
A family standing in the snow on a sledding trip .
A family stands in the snowy woods .
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children .
A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor .
A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons .
Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti , balloons .
Little Girl in brown shirt and bluejean skirt dances on wood floor .
The blond girl is dancing inside a house .
The dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow together .
Two dogs run through the snow .
Skiiers on a snowy mountain .
Skiiers on top of a mountain .
Two men stand on skis and look to a snowy mountain to the right .
Two people wearing skis stand looking at a mountain .
Two skiers stand near a snowy mountain .
a man and a woman are walking past a stained glass window
A man in a blue sweatsuit and a woman wearing a brown jacket and brown boots walk together .
A woman in uggs , black tights and gray sweater walks next to a many in a blue sweat suit .
Man and a woman with locked arms walk away .
Two short , fat people walk down the street .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A dog with a snub nose smells for somthing on a riverbank .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream .
A dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen .
A dog is bringing the newspaper to its owner through the kitchen .
A dog retrieving a newspaper inside a dining room .
a white and tan dog holding paper in its mouth while on tile floor
The dog retrieves the owner 's paper .
A brown dog growls .
A brown dog is running over an obstacle course with its mouth wide open .
A dog descends a ramp , teeth bared .
The brown dog is on the wooden stage with people behind it .
The dog is barking while running down an obstacle .
A basketball player in a duke uniform looks up .
There are three basketball players
Three men in basketball uniforms looking at something .
Two basketball players from duke are looking upward .
Two basketball players watching the ball .
A cross-country skier has left a trail behind him as he makes his way through the snow .
a lone skier walking cross a snowy bank with trees in the background
A man is hiking on a snow-covered trail .
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow .
The skier moves down the hill on a beautiful day .
a girl speeds by on her scooter .
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter .
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter .
A little girl is riding on her scooter and wearing a purple helmet and a purple shirt .
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter .
A boy is surfing .
A boy is surfing in the ocean .
A boy is surfing on a green surfboard near two other people in the water .
a boy is surfing towards the beach on a green surfboard .
A young boy surfing in the ocean .
A woman is looking down and wearing a white hair piece that looks like a wedding veil .
A young bride purses her lips .
A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church .
Bride with a white veil looking down .
The bride is standing outside .
A man and a little girl in a pink dress
A man watches a small child in pink .
A tiny little girl wearing pink stands by a man who is wearing brown and sitting down .
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park .
The young girl in a pink outfit and the seated man both look are looking away .
A man and a woman on a bench .
A man and a woman sit on a bench outdoors .
A man and woman sit on a park bench .
A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady .
The two people sit on the bench while the man in the tan jacket smokes .
a brown dog at the edge of a body of water surrounded by snow .
A dog standing near snow looking at water .
A golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond .
A golden retriever looking at its relection in water next to a snow .
A tan dog is walking along snow to water .
A little boy jumping from one chair to another .
A young boy jumps from one black chair to another .
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another .
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A young boy leaps from chair to chair .
A dog in mid-flight catches an orange and blue ball in a field of dead grass .
A dog jumps up to catch an orange and blue tennis ball .
A dog leaps into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
A terrier catches a ball in a field .
Small white dog jumping to catch a ball .
A dog pants inside a car
A dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out .
A dog wearing a blue leash rides in a car .
A light colored dog with blue leash attached is sitting in a vehicle .
The dog waits patiently in the car for its owner .
Children skating while people watch on the side .
Two boys ice skate with other people .
Two boys on ice skates race on an outdoor ice rink .
Two boys race on ice skates while others watch .
Two children are skating quickly on ice .
A dog zips along the beach .
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach .
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach .
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline .
Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore .
A man carrying a red bag is looking closely at the black train that is emitting smoke .
A man looking into a train engine .
A train blowing smoke .
People stand on a sidewalk near an old fashioned train .
The man stands close to the train at the busy train station .
A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar .
A motorbike jumping a pole .
A person is jumping a motorcycle over a pole while camera men film .
A professional dirt biker doing stunts while being videotaped
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path .
A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .
a young person riding a small wagon down a hill .
The boy comes down the hill in the red wagon .
This person , seated on a type of go-cart , is riding downhill .
A white and a white dog are fighting over a stick in the water .
Two dogs are playing with a stick in a lake .
Two dogs in the water fight over a stick .
Two dogs playing in the water with a stick
Two dogs playing with a stick in shallow water .
A kid is going down a big water slide .
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .
A person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool .
A young boy about to enter a pool after sliding down a yellow slide .
Child sliding down slide into pool of water .
a determined girl is hitting a volleyball
A girl in a grassy field hitting a volleyball .
A woman plays volleyball .
A young girl is practicing volleyball in a grass field .
The girl is hitting the volleyball .
One boy in a black shirt is grabbing the flag of the boy in the red shirt with the football .
Two boys are playing flag football .
Two boys playing a game of flag football .
Two boys with mouthguards and one is holding a football while the other reaches for him .
Young football players with mouthguards .
A person on skis is jumping a small hill .
A skier is airborne in front of a tree .
Person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background .
The skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree .
This person is jumping off of a hill while skiing .
Three children are riding down a hill on tricycles in their winter coats .
Three children are riding tricycles on the path .
three children ride three wheelers .
Three kids ride their tricycles down the street .
Three little kids on tricycles race downhill .
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
A man is rowing in a small boat called Neptuno
A man rows his boat below .
Man rowing a boat .
The fisherman paddles in his to a new spot .
A boy is lying down in midst of many soft toys , and spiderman quilt .
A boy wearing a black shirt and khaki pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed animals .
A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets .
A young boy lays in a bed of stuffed animals .
Child laying down in the midst of stuffed animals including Mickey Mouse and Tigger
A young boy on a basketball team dribbles the ball .
A young boy playing basketball in a gym , wearing a uniform .
The boy in the royal blue basketball uniform is dribbling the ball down court .
The boy runs across the court with the basketballs .
The young boy is running while bouncing a basketball .
A baby puffs up its cheeks .
A baby sits by his red and green toy pulling a funny face .
A cubby cheeked baby in a yellow and red bib playing with a toy .
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera .
The baby is sitting in a high chair .
A dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A terrier mix catches a Frisbee in the air .
A white and black dog catching a Frisbee .
A white dog is leaping in the air with a green object in its mouth .
A man dressed in a black poncho stands in the middle of a parking lot .
A man wearing a black sweatshirt poses for a picture in a parking lot .
A man with a beard , dressed in black , is smoking .
A mean wearing a black hooded sweatshirt smokes a cigarette at the side of a road .
The man in the robe has gold on his beard .
A girl dances with adults in the sand .
a group of people dancing on a beach in front of a truck
Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles .
Many people dancing in a sandy desert .
Several people are dancing in some sand .
A brown dog in a field .
A brown dog in mid-run in grass .
A brown dog in two black collars running through a grassy field .
A dog running in a field .
A light brown dog with a dark collar bounding through grass .
A girl is standing on one leg in the middle of the field .
A girl with her leg out on a lawn .
a little girl kicks into the air .
A warmly dressed girl kicks up her leg outdoors .
Person walking in the field .
A small white dog in the snow .
A white dog is running through the snow .
A white dog running across the snow .
The white dog is hard to see in the snow as it runs payfully .
White dog with mouth open running in the snow .
Two children jumping int the sand on a beach , the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue .
Two children jump as they run down a large sand dune towards the beach .
Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach .
Two kids running down a sand dune to the beach .
Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
a dog playing ouside
a little dog running with his tongue hanging out
A small tan dog walks down a dirt path and licks his nose .
Small brown dog licks lips as it runs across grass and dirt .
The brown dog is walking along a grassy path with its tongue out .
A child wearing a yellow jacket is jumping down from a rock .
A kid in a yellow jacket and blue baseball cap jumping from a rock .
A young boy jumps into water .
Boy wearing yellow jacket jumping .
little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path .
A black dog runs with a white dog
Two dogs are running down a dirt path in a grassy field .
Two dogs run and play together on a narrow dirt path in the middle of a field .
Two dogs run through the grass outside .
A brown dog is running alongside a black dog in a field .
Two dogs are running on the grass .
Two dogs running on grass .
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .
Two large dogs are running together through the grass .
A group of adults are walking .
A man in a black suit looking toward a woman with long hair
A man wearing glasses and a dark coat looks at something to the left of the picture .
A woman talks to a man while walking in a crowd .
Four people in dark clothes walk in the same direction .
A brown puppy is laying on its back in the grass .
A dog lays down in the long green grass .
A dog rolling in the grass .
a dog rolls in the grass .
A golden dog is laying on its back in the grass .
A boy in red pants getting ready to slide down a metal slide .
A boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide .
A boy on the top of a slide .
A child crouches at the top of a reflective playground slide .
A young boy at the top of a slide .
Four horseriders look into the water .
Four people on horseback look at a lake with mountains in the distance .
Four people ride horses to the edge of the water .
Men on horses are standing on the shore looking at the lake .
several men on horseback staring into a mountain background
A dog runs through green grass with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth .
A white puppy holds a yellow tennis ball in its mouth .
Puppy carrying a tennis ball in its mouth .
the puppy is carrying a ball in its mouth .
A man paddles a canoe in a lake .
An older man rows a boat .
Man in a canoe on a still lake .
Man paddles a canoe through placid lake waters
The man is rowing a canoe in a blue lake .
People gather on a bridge near a weeping willow tree .
People on a bridge look at the water .
People stand on a bridge over water .
People walk on a small bridge over a lake .
Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river .
a man in red throws a Frisbee .
Two men and a Frisbee
Two men are running to catch a Frisbee .
Two men go after a Frisbee in some kind of sports game .
two men , one in a red shirt , running towards a Frisbee .
A boy in a red jacket holding a stick and yelling .
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him .
A young boy holds up a candy bar while yelling .
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .
A person and their tan dog go for a ride in a rowboat .
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river .
a woman wearing an orange jacket sitting in a canoe on a lake with a dog behind her
A woman with a dog canoe down a river .
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water .
A brown dog laying in the grass with a white chew toy .
A brown dog lying in the grass playing with a white rag .
A brown dog sitting on grass
A dog sitting on grass .
Orange dog with knotted white rag on grass .
A brown and white dog playing on grass .
A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area .
A dog is playing on the green grass
A dog with floppy ears runs on the grass , a fence behind it .
A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him .
A blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy .
A fluffy dog looking at a yellow chew toy .
A fluffy dog plays with a small toy in a living room .
A fluffy tan dog dropping a colourful toy .
A shaggy white dog plays with a colorful chew toy .
A child smiling as they are being thrown in the air by an adult .
A little boy in a flannel shirt and light pants is thrown in the air .
A man is tossing a toddler into the air .
A person throws a baby up in the air .
The baby enjoys being tossed up in the air .
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park .
A black and white dog running in a snowy park .
A black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench .
A small white and black dog jumping in the snow
Black and white dog running in the snow .
The children make snow angels next to each other .
Two children are making snow angels .
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
Two children , one in red and one in blue , making snow angels .
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall .
A man and a woman look at pictures on a machine marked " other people 's photographs . "
A man and a woman looking at a photograph kiosk .
A man and woman are looking at an exhibit entitled ' Other People 's Photographs ' .
Two individuals use a photo kiosk
A girl in green is running behind a boy in red in a sports arena whilst a girl in pink is running in the background .
Three barefoot children fun and smile in an indoor setting .
Three children running barefoot .
three children running barefooted in a gym
Three smiling children running indoors .
A black and white dog is catching a red and green object in his mouth .
A black and white dog is running through the field to catch something in its mouth .
A dog catching a flexable Frisbee in its mouth .
A small black and white dog jumps with an object in its mouth .
The black and white dog leaps to catch a toy .
Kids wearing jackets and hats swinging on tire swing in snow
Two children swing in a tire in the snow at a park .
Two children swing on a tire swing on a snowy day .
Two kids in snow hats and blue and green coats are swinging on a tire swing out in the snow .
Two young children are being pushed on a tire swing with snow on the ground .
A brown dog jumps in the air .
A dog appearing to be malnourished is standing on his hind legs about to jump .
A dog jumps high while outside .
A dog jumps on a lawn .
Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area .
A black furry dog is jumping in the air next to another dog .
One black dog is in midair whild one black dog is on the grass .
Two black dogs .
Two black dogs are playing in a grass .
Two black dogs playing on grass
A brown dog plays with a bright orange ball in the snow .
A dog chasing a ball in snow .
A tan dog is playing with a red dog in snow .
The dog tries to play with a basketball in the snow .
The yellow dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A girl climbs a rock wall .
A little blond girl on a climbing wall .
A young blond girl is climbing up a rock .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt climbs a rock climb .
The little girl in a pink shirt and jeans is climbing up a rock climbing wall .
A dog is swimming across the water biting onto a stick .
A dog is swimming in the water with a stick in his mouth .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
The dog is fetching a stick in water .
A brown dog is playing with a red toy while another brown dog bounds towards the camera .
The dogs run and play with a red ball .
The little brown dogs with floppy ears are playing with a red ball .
The two dogs , one holding a ball in its mouth , run through the grass .
Two brown dogs are playing on the grass , and one of them is carrying a red ball .
A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard .
A man flies through the air on his skateboard above a white staircase .
A skateboarder jumps his board down a flight of stairs .
A skateboarder sails over white steps .
Skateboarder jumping down stairs of building .
A man in a black cap and shirt smiling while holding a white grey and black rectangular object .
A man smiles and poses with a product he appears to be trying to sell .
A man wearing a black shirt and baseball cap smiling .
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
There is a man with a black shirt and a black hat smiling .
A black dog is walking through a stream
A black dog swimming in water near rocks .
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
A dog runs through a creek next to large rocks .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
An elderly woman is standing by the window of a grey stone building .
a person standing on the sidewalk , next to a window , wearing warm clothes
A woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window .
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat stands outside a building .
The elderly lady waits on the sidewalk .
A man rides a bike on a dirt path .
A person biking through the woods .
A person dirtbikes along a muddy trail .
Dirt bike rider riding down the slope .
Person rides a dirt bike down a dirt hill .
A boy walks across a rope structure on a playground .
A child in a green shirt balancing on a red rope while holding two white ropes .
A playground with two children and an adult .
A small boy wearing glasses stands on a rope and holds two ropes with his hands .
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .
A grey dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water .
A small black dog chasing a small fluffy brown dog just above water .
Two dogs moving through water close to the shore .
Two dogs playing in a lake .
Two dogs playing on the shore .
A crowd of boys riding a vehicle .
A large group of people wearing similar clothing riding a single vehicle .
almost 2 dozen people are riding on the outside of a cart down a road
A vehicle crowded with people .
Many young men with backpacks are clinging to and riding on a vehicle .
a dog chases another dog .
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in area of gravel .
Two dogs run in a gravel lot with a fence in the foreground .
Two dogs walk over the gravel yard inside a gated area .
a woman in a black overcoat and red hair with man in white walking behind her
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack .
A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks .
There is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned .
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera , while the man in the blue shirt faces away .
An older person sitting beside a body of water .
A woman in a brownish-orange sweater is sitting by a lake .
a woman sits on a log near the water .
A woman with a sweater sits on a sea wall and looks to the sea .
The person in a sweater sits on wood , looking at the water .
A dog sled team seen from behind .
A group of dogs harnessed together to pull something in the snow .
A sled dog team running from the perspective of the rider .
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail .
Several dogs in the snow , all harnessed in a line .
A child in orange walking on wooden walkway built in a body of water .
Two children are running down a bridge across a lake .
Two children run along a boardwalk that crosses over a body of water .
Two children walking on a wooden pier over water .
Two children wearing orange walk across a long pier .
A brown dog looks up while a person 's fingers are in its mouth .
A dog bites someone 's finger .
A dog is chewing on someone 's finger .
A person has his or her hands in a dog 's mouth .
A person touches a dog 's tooth .
A man and a dog are sitting on the pavement are sitting by a wall .
A man and his husky sitting in the snow at the corner of a building .
A man is sitting in the snow with his dog asking for spare change .
A man sits outside in the snow with his dog and blue blanket .
Person sitting in snow on a sidewalk holding small black dog and a husky laying beside him .
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground .
A girl stands behind a boy in a swing .
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing .
a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing .
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing .
A child peeks his head out from some flowers .
A child with blue eyes sitting amid flowers .
A kid playing in a bunch of flowers .
The brown haired toddler is holding onto the edge of a flower pot in a garden .
This small child is in a garden with flowers all around .
A drummer and three saxophones players outside a storefront .
A small band of guys are playing their saxophones and one man is playing the drums with buckets .
Four people play instruments on the sidewalk .
Three guys play saxophone while another drums on buckets .
Three men play saxophones while one man play makeshift drum on a corner
A black and white dog running in front of a brown dog in the grass .
A brown dog and a white and black dog are running in grass .
A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass .
Two dogs , a golden one and a white one with black patches , are running towards something .
Two dogs are running together through the grass .
A child swings on his stomach on a tire swing amidst trees .
A small child on a tire swing in a forested field .
a small child playing on a tire swing
a small kid swinging on a tire swing
A very little child swings on a tire swing .
A black and brown dog are starring at each other .
A dark brown dog and a light brown dog in a field stare at each other .
Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field .
Two dogs are looking at each other .
Two dogs confront each other in the middle of a field
A brown dog walks towards another animal hiding in the grass .
A dog walks in the grass towards a dog lying down .
A grey silky dog is laying in the grass while a brown dog looks on .
A standing brown dog watches another dog lay in the grass
The brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log near water in the snow .
a dog jumps over a fallen tree .
A small dog in a harness jumps over a snow covered log while another dog watches .
The white dog leaping over a snow covered log .
White dog with tan spot leaping over snow covered object with white and black dog behind .
A brown dog is shaking off the snow .
A brown dog squats in a deep pile of snow .
A brown long-haired dog plays in the snow
The brown dog is playing in the snow .
The brown dog is playing in the white snow .
The two girls are playing on a yellow sit and bounce .
Two children sitting atop a large yellow bounce toy .
Two girls bounce on a large yellow ball indoors .
Two little girls are sitting on a yellow rubber ball toy .
Two smiling girls sit on a yellow bouncy ball .
A black guy smoking a cigarette .
A black man smoking a cigarette is in front of a government type building .
A man wearing a blue shirt smokes a cigarette in front of an official building .
A man with a collarless shirt smokes a cigarette in front of a courthouse .
An African American man smoking a cigarette outside a large building .
A person has just thrown a snowball and hit someone in the back .
People outside a house in snow .
People stand outside a house .
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house , with one person shoveling .
Some people are gathered by a mound of snow outside a house .
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
A man juggles at the beach .
A shirtness man juggles batons on the beach .
A young man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach .
Juggler on beach in blue swimsuit .
A fluffy white dog running across the snow .
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow .
A white dog running on snow .
A wolf moves over the snow .
The white dog runs across the snow .
A boy in a diaper jumping onto a couch .
A boy in a diaper jumps onto a bed with a striped covering and red pillow in a room with toys and a chair .
A child jumps onto a bed .
A child leaping onto a bed in a room with toys on the floor .
Young boy jumping on to his bed .
A guy with tattoos , sitting on a couch .
A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .
A man sitting on a chair rubbing his eye .
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch holding a pencil .
Tattooed man rubs his eye while sitting on chair indoors .
Two husky-like white dogs are outside on snow .
two samoyads play in the snow .
Two white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two white dogs running and playing in a snow covered field .
Two white furry dogs play in the snow .
A fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
A white dog running across the snow
A white dog running in the snow .
A white dog runs through the snow-covered ground with his mouth open .
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .
Three people are standing on a hill that is partly covered in snow .
Three people in dark clothing stand in a field of melting snow .
three people standing on the side of a snowy grassy hill
Three young men standing on partially snow-covered ground
Two boys watch a third boy kicking some snow .
A black and brown dog with blue collar goes on alert by a soccer ball in the grass .
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball .
A black dog stands a few feet away from a white soccer ball on grass .
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .
The dog awaits some to kick the soccer ball so he can retrieve it .
A baby hold a wicker basket .
A baby holding onto a handle .
A child in a blue shit is holding on to a basket .
A toddler grasping a wooden object .
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair .
A black and white puppy runs along the gravel road .
A black and white puppy with ears straight up is running .
a small black and white puppy running along a gravel path next to a larger dog in the background .
A small black and white dog .
The gray and white dog is walking on gravel .
A guy skateboarding on midair .
A man on a skateboard doing a jump over concrete .
A man on a skateboard is jumping in the air with it .
Skateboarder in the air .
The guy in the blue shirt and jeans performs a grab trick on his skateboard .
A blond lab runs in the snow .
a dog runs through the snow .
A golden dog is running through the snow .
A tan dog walks across the snow .
Brown dog runs in snow .
a boy rides his ripstik on the street .
A boy with a helmet skateboards across the street .
A child in a blue jacket and helmet is on a skateboard .
A young boy wearing a helmet skateboards on the street .
There is a boy with a helmet and a stripe down the side of his pants riding on a skateboard .
A little boy is on top of a snow mound .
A little kid dressed in cold-weather gear is at the top of the snow mound .
A small boy playing in the snow .
Boy in winter gear stands on snow with outstretched arms .
The child is standing on top of a snowbank with their arms outstretched .
The girls are dressed up in silver and white and their hair is styled .
Two blonde girls in fancy silver dresses are standing near a large green palm .
Two small girls in white dresses standing in front of a large green plant .
Two young girls dressed formally
Two young girls in fancy dresses are standing outside .
A boy dressed for Halloween
A boy has a spiked bracelet and a strange glove on .
A boy is dressed as Freddy Krueger .
A boy looks at his leather spike bracelet .
A young boy in a costume with a glove that has very long sharp fingers .
A boy in blue pajamas plays with a toy .
A small boy is taking a black toy car from another small child .
A small child plays with a batman toy car
A toddler in a blue onesie playing with a pointy black car toy .
A toddler on a hardwood floor playing with toys .
A girl and boy hug each other near a doorway .
A young boy and girl hug and smile .
Two children are hugging each other indoors .
two children hug .
Two children hug one another .
A black and brown dog is laying with a tiger striped toy .
A black and brown dog is playing with his chew toys .
a black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace .
A close-up of a black dog sitting on a doll and a toy next to a fireplace .
Black big dog is trying to chew into soft toy .
a boy in a mask holds up two bags of bread .
a boy wears a wrestling mask and carries bags of bread .
A boy with a blue wrestler mask is posign next to several other people .
A man child carries two loaves of bread through the store .
A young boy wearing a mask stands holding two bags of bread .
A black dog running through the snow .
a black dog runs across the snow .
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .
The black dog has a blue collar on .
A beige dog and brown dog in the snow .
A brown dog kisses the ear of a white dog in the snow .
One dog liking another 's face in the snow .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors .
A man in a red sleeveless shirt curled up in front of a door .
A man in red lays on the sidewalk next to a red brick building .
a man sleeping on the street
A ragged man sleeping behind a building .
A man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick .
A man donning an orange helmet is climbing up a white glacier .
A man is chiseling into ice .
A mountain climber wearing an orange helmet swings his Axe .
An ice climber wearing an orange helmet is hacking the ice with his ice pick .
A boy hitting a girl on a skateboard with a plushie snake .
A little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her .
A young boy and a girl on a skateboard have fun in a parking lot .
A young boy is draping a toy over a young girl on a skateboard .
A young girl with a flower on her shirt rides a skateboard while a young boy wraps something around her .
A man in a hoodie is looking at a pad of paper , outside a window .
A man is standing beside a grip stand writing on a note pad .
A man wearing a blue sweatshirt stands outside and writes in a notebook .
A man wearing glasses is drawing .
A man writing something down behind a bush .
A man rides a unicycle .
A man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk .
a man wearing black rides a unicycle .
A young man rides a unicycle down a sidewalk .
Teenage boy is riding a unicycle through a grassy park .
a lady wearing a black dress carrying a white cross
A lady with a cowboy hat and holding a cross looking at some men on a bench .
A woman in the park is talking to a few men
A woman stands , in a black dress pulling a cart , in front of two men seated on a park bench .
A woman wearing a cowboy hat and carrying luggage .
A black and brown furry dog is running in the grass .
a brown and black dog running through a grassy field
A large dog frolics in the grass .
A long haired black and brown dog runs through the grass .
Black dog running on green grass with mouth open .
A dog running down a snow covered hill
A dog running through snow .
A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .
a white dog is running through the snow .
A white dog running through the snow
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .
Kids play in the water
many children play in the water .
Six kids splash in water
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around .
A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
A small girl jumping rope .
A brown dog is up to its knees in snow .
A brown dog plays in the snow .
A dog plays in the snow .
A grey dog with a bobbed tail digs in snow .
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow .
A brown , black and white dog is on a obstacle course .
A dog climbs down a black ramp
A dog is running down a black and yellow ramp in an obstacle course .
A dog walks down a black ramp .
The black and white dog ran down the ramp .
A man with an Afro is skating on a vert ramp
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A skateboard rides up the ramp and does a trick in midair .
The skateboarder is performing a trick off a ramp .
The skateboarder launches off a quarter pipe .
A man in swim trunks hits a ball with a paddle , while on the beach .
A man is batting a ball on the beach beside the ocean .
a muscular man in swim trunks plays paddle ball on the beach
Man in a bathing suit holding a paddle on the beach
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle .
A man in an orange shirt and a blue hardhat smiles .
A man smiling with a helmet on his head .
A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses smiles .
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet .
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress .
A man is removing a garter for a lady .
A man putting a garter on a woman .
a woman sitting in a chair while a man is removing her garter belt
Man removing garter during wedding
a boy and a woman walk into the ocean .
A toppless woman holds hr naked child 's hand while they stand in the ocean waves .
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .
A woman holds a baby 's hand and walks in the water .
A woman in bikini bottoms stands in the surf holding the hand of a naked baby .
A group of sled dogs in harness is standing together in the snow .
Four dogs playing in the snow .
Four snow dogs are pulled together in the snow .
Pack of sled dogs in the snow , one barking .
Several dogs grouped together in a winter setting .
a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something
A black , brown , and tan dog jumps at the camera .
A brown dog running through tall grass .
Dog in plants crouches to look at camera .
The black and white dog is running through the bushes .
A man climbing a rock face
A man climbs up a rock .
A man wearing a blue helmet is rock climbing .
A rock climber scaling a stone wall .
The man climbing the rock is wearing a blue helmet .
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .
Children jumping on a trampoline .
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts .
Four children on a trampoline , in a snow covered area .
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black dog with his mouth open and tongue out runs across an expanse of snow .
Black dog runs through snow .
A dog attacking a guy .
A dog biting a man who is falling to the ground .
A dog is jumping up at a large man who is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow jacket .
A man is being attacked by a German Shepherd .
Dog jumping onto a man in a yellow jacket .
A bundled up toddler is walking over snow .
A little girl in a pink hat walks in the snow .
A little kid playing in the snow and around bushes .
a small girl trots through the snow .
Little girl in blue coat and pink hat makes tracks in the snow .
A fisherman in a field near a lake .
A person in a yellow hat , carrying a bag and a fishing pole , walks in a grassy area near a small body of water .
A person in a yellow hat is walking across the grass carrying a long pole .
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water
Man holding stick in field of green grass .
A boy and girl are placing a red blindfold over a woman 's eyes .
A girl is blindfolded by a young boy and girl .
A person being blindfolded by a girl and a boy .
Three kids play , one is blindfolded .
Two young children are playing with a teenage girl who is blindfolded .
A little boy kicks a soccer ball in the park .
A young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background .
The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball .
The little girl sitting by the tree is looking away from the little boy kicking a soccer ball .
Young boy in fleece jacket kicking soccer ball with young girl in background .
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through a part of what looks like Arizona .
A man wearing jeans and a hooded , long sleeved top , and a backpack , walks in a desert .
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall .
Man wearing red looks on at desert
There is a lone hiker in the middle of a prairie with his back to the camera , showing his backpack .
A girl with dark brown hair and eyes in a blue scarf is standing next to a girl in a fur edged coat .
an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
The girls were in the crowd .
Two dark haired girls are in a crowd .
Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
A woman in a yellow jacket skis in the snow .
A woman wearing a yellow coat is skiing in the white snow .
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .
A woman wearing a yellow jacket traversing on skis .
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera .
A man walking 3 dalmatians along a sunny street .
A man walks a group of Dalmatians on the beach .
A man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees .
Man walking three dalmatians along a palm-tree lined street .
This man with three dogs takes his route along the tree-lined street .
a broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
A girl holds her iced drink in her gloved-hand with a look of concentration on her face .
A woman in black holding a cup of ice cream .
This woman is dressed in black and holding a cup .
Woman in black with beverage , with blurry urban background .
A brown dog is swimming in the water .
A brown dog swimming for a stick in the water .
A dog swims in the water .
A dog swims toward a stick
The large brown dog is paddling in the water .
A group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow .
three dogs come face to face with each other in a snowy field .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs meet in the snow .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A man is sitting on a black and brown dog .
A man stands over a brown and black dog in the grass .
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dog 's back
An attack dog is working with his trainer .
A running dog and a standing man on a dry field of grass .
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley .
A boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley .
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley .
A young boy with a Mohawk and green shirt is excited about bowling .
A young boy with a Mohawk jumping at a bowling alley
A soccer game at sunset
A soccer game being played as the sun sets .
Green sports field with players beneath blue sky with pink clouds
People playing soccer on a soccer field during sunset
Soccer players on a field from a distance .
A boy wears Mr. Potato head features .
A boy wears plastic toy teeth and green plastic toy glasses which are much too small for him .
A child is posing with toy pieces placed over their mouth and eyes .
A little boy wears Mr. Potao head glasses and mouth .
A young boy wearing Mr. Potato Head teeth and glasses .
A dark-haired man wearing a brown shirt is free-climbing a grey stone wall .
a man holding on to a rock wall
A man scales a rock climbing wall .
A man struggles to climb a rock wall .
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall .
A child feels like he 's flying as his mom throws him up in the air during a game .
A woman in white is throwing a boy into the air .
A woman is tossing a small child in the air playfully .
A woman tosses a toddler in the air .
The child enjoys being tossed in the air by his mother .
A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path .
A man rollerblading down a path through an active community .
A man Rollerblades in a park .
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .
The man is rollerblading in a red hat , blue shirt , and tan pants .
a beagle and a golden retriever wrestling in the grass
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass .
Two puppies are playing in the green grass .
two puppies playing around in the grass
Two puppies play in the grass
A brown and white dog in the air next two a purple Frisbee above grass .
A brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple Frisbee .
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps to catch a flying disc .
A dog jumps to catch the purple Frisbee .
A child hides inside a cave created by massive amounts of snow .
A girl in a snowsuit peeks out of a snow cave .
A girl is in a snow tunnel .
A young girls is laying in a snow cave
The girl in the purple jacket is laying in a hole that has been dug out of the snow .
A girl is talking on the phone while sitting on a wall
A woman in blue sits on a curb next to blue railings in front of the ocean .
A woman relaxes on a pier with railings while on the phone .
A woman talking on a cellphone near water .
A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean .
A brown dog shakes himself dry .
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond .
A brown dog shaking off water .
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water .
A gray dog is shaking water from its body .
a boy screams .
A young boy at a party , dancing enthusiastically .
A young boy in jeans shows off his dance moves on a red dance floor .
A young boy stands on a wide floor with his mouth open .
The boy has his mouth open
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
People at a photo shoot .
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
Three people are looking into photographic equipment .
Three women are looking into a camera .
Two women are operating a laptop connected to a camera in a parking lot with a third person standing by .
Two women on a movie set reviewing film
Two women reviewing pictures they took .
Three girls dancing in front of a couple of musicians .
Three girls in hats and dresses dance to music played by boys in the background .
Three girls in western hats dance for a band .
Three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage .
Three young girls in hats are dancing .
A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street .
A man in a suit and jacket
An older man in a suit , tie and overcoat
An older man standing .
Older man in a suit , tie , and overcoat , walks through the street .
An adult is attending to child on a crowded path surrounding a body of water .
A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket .
A woman wearing a backpack leans down to speak with a young child .
Children at the park with their parents .
Woman in yellow shirt bending over boy crouching on the ground .
A brown and black dog sits on a bed and looks at a gray and white dog .
a grey and white puddle fighting next to another black and brown dog on a bed .
Brown and white dog with brown and black dog on gray sheet .
The dogs are playing on the bed .
Two dogs play together on the bed .
a dark man wearing sunglasses and a black leather jacket is passing by a window .
A man is looking down .
A man wearing a leather coat and a white shirt .
Black man in sunglasses and leather jacket staring downward .
Man in sunglasses and leather jacket looking down
A child plays T-ball .
A little boy is swinging a bat at a ball .
a young boy singing at a large baseball off of a tee .
A young boy swings a bat at a large baseball .
The little boy is wearing a blue shirt and playing baseball .
A black dog caught in mid-jump catching a toy in his mouth .
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth .
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .
A black dog running with a black and white toy in its mouth .
A dog is in field on a very windy day with something in its mouth .
A man climb up a snowy mountain .
A man in ice climbing gear holds a rope .
A man on a huge chunk of snow , holding a rope .
A man wearing winter clothes and a hardhat is climbing over a snowy ledge using a rope attached to his waist .
A mountaineer is following a rope through a snowy trail .
A crowd of people are gathered in a busy subway station .
a crowd of people in a subway
A crowd stands , waiting for a subway .
Crowd waiting on Main Street subway platform for a train .
group of people waiting to catch the subway
A boy wearing blue shorts is doing a back flip in the air under a tree .
A man in midair doing a flip .
a young man jumping a back flip off of a concrete wall .
Man with blue pants flipping in the air .
The boy wearing blue pants is in the midst of a back flip .
A girl climbing a chain link fence .
A little girl climbs a fence .
A small child hangs from a wire fence .
The young girl is climbing a chain link fence .
Young child climbing on a chain link fence .
A boy holding a tube and smiling at the camera .
A child dressed in blue laughs .
A smiling child in a blue shirt .
A young boy smiles while holding a tube of toothpaste .
Child in blue shirt smiles about what 's in his hand .
A black dog running with a stuffed bird in its mouth and another dog chasing it .
A brown dig and black dog are playing with a stuffed toy .
A brown dog with a toy duck in its mouth runs through snow while a black dog chases it
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .
The brown dog is being chased by a black dog while holding a small toy in his mouth .
A large dog stands over a smaller dog who has its mouth open .
A small black and brown dog growls at a larger black and brown dog .
Two black and brown dogs looking at each other .
Two black dogs play on carpet .
Two rottweiler dogs indoors , the smaller one barking at the larger .
A dog is jumping playing with a ball that has broken .
A dog jumps for a yellow and black ball .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a large field .
a dog playing in a park
A dog plays with a ball with a large office building behind it .
A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white .
a black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space .
Two dogs are standing in a field of grass and dirt .
Two dogs greet each other in a snowy grass field .
Two dogs in a grassy field .
A man holding money , standing in front of a street band and a store .
A man holds a dollar bill in front of his face while posing in front of a street band .
A man holds money in the air .
A man in a green jacket is standing outside a store holding some money in front of his face .
An African-American man wearing a green sweatshirt and blue vest is holding up 2 dollar bills in front of his face , while standing on a busy sidewalk in front of a group of men playing instruments .
A little girl is falling backwards onto a bed .
A young girl jumps on a bed .
The young girl is happily standing inside the house .
Two children play on the bed with a remote control .
Young blond girl in blue jeans falls back on bed while another child looks on .
Boy in a black and white soccer uniform kicking the ball with other players nearby .
Children playing soccer , one in the process of kicking the ball .
The boy in the white shirt dribbles the soccer ball away from the yellow and blue team .
There are five young boys on a soccer field running and playing soccer .
Two young soccer teams competing in a game .
A group of women in matching uniforms , one of which is speaking .
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat on with her mouth open near others dressed the same .
A young woman with a white and blue hat and uniform yells to others dressed the same .
Group of women in blue and white uniforms , in profile , facing offstage .
Woman wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap talking while marching .
A couple guys splash through water wearing hard hats .
Two men are holding onto a rope climbing up forceful water .
two men grapple up a waterfall .
Two people are getting soaked by a waterfall .
Water from the left splashing over a man with a white helmet .
A boy in a fuzzy goat holds a craw and looks at it .
A boy in a grey coat holds a sea creature .
A boy looks at the crab he is holding .
A boy wearing a hooded jacket holds a crab .
A child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it .
A flautist plays the flute in a marching band
A girl in a band is playing the flute .
a girl in a red and black uniform is playing the flute as part of a marching band .
A woman in a red uniform is playing the flute .
Girl in uniform playing flute with marching band .
A boy on a bike rides around the neighborhood .
A child is riding a green bike and wearing an orange shirt and red helmet .
A child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood .
Boy wearing safety gear rides green bike through suburban streets .
The kid rides his green and black bike down the street .
Two athletic men climbing a waterfall .
Two men are climbing a rock face at a waterfall .
Two men climb up a waterfall using a rope while wearing shorts and hard hats .
Two men hanging from ropes over a waterfall .
Two men tethered by ropes climbing a hill where water is flowing .
A Arabian dressed lady leans backwards holding a skinny crooked sword .
A costumed woman with a sword does a backbend .
A woman bending over backwards .
A woman in a belly dancing outfit bending over backwards .
A woman in a dance costume is bending over backward and holding a sword .
Three dogs are running side by side on the grass .
Three dogs , one Rottweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth , one Irish Setter and one Corgi are running in field .
Three dogs running in a field .
Three dogs trot on a stretch of grass , and one dog is carrying a tennis ball .
Three dogs with tongues out running on the grass with a tennis ball .
A girl wearing a red snowsuit slides on her back on the ice .
A little girl in a red outfit is lying on her side in a strange position .
A little girl in red is down on the ice
A smiling girl in a red outfit and mittens .
A young girl in a red snowsuit sliding across the ice .
A child is happily playing on the slide .
A child is holding on to the top of a playground slide .
A child is preparing to slide down a piece of playground equipment .
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide .
Child getting ready to go down a slide .
a froup of sled dogs pulling a man wearing an orange vest .
A three dog sled team pulls an unusual tricycle sled .
Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow .
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
A brown and white dog lays down in a grassy field .
A dog is crouching on the grass near a hurdle .
A dog races along the grassy track .
A tan and white dog is competing in an agility test .
Brown and white dog playing in the grass .
A man in a long gray overcoat stands in a courtyard as snow falls .
A young boy in a trench coat is holding a red bottle outside of a brick building .
A young man is wearing a blue outfit and grey coat .
Person spraying squirt bottle in the snow .
Woman in coat outside a house while snowing
a boy with a fishing pole looking down on a lake
A little boy looks over the railing on the dock into the blue water .
A young boy in a red coat fishes off a pier and looks down at the water .
A young boy in a red jacket stands on a pier with a fishing pole and chair near him .
The boy wearing the red top is standing by a fishing rod looking over the jetty fence .
A boy rock climbs .
A man is rock climbing without a shirt
A young boy rock climbing .
The boy looked down as he climbed the steep rock face .
The climber is hanging off a vertical cliff with gear but no shirt .
A man climbing a rock-face .
A man is rock climbing with spotters below .
A man rock climbs while spotters wait below .
People are climbing a rock face .
The man is scaling up a large boulder with people spotting underneath .
A black dog nurses white puppies .
A black dog nursing black and white puppies .
A dog nurses her puppies .
Black dog with white puppies .
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor .
A busy city street with neon lights , lots of people and traffic .
A crowd scene in a downtown area .
A group of people on the sidewalk of a city street .
An opposite side street-shot of Applebee 's and Dave and Buster 's restaurants .
People are gathered on a city street with police vehicles arriving .
A blonde boy in green is on a swing .
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting in a swing .
A young child smiling while on a swing at a playground .
The small child is leaning back in a child swing .
Toddler boy smiling while in a swing
A little boy chases chickens .
a young boy chases chickens .
A young boy runs after some chickens .
a young boy wearing white shoes chasing after several chickens
A young child runs with chickens .
A little girl playing the guitar , some flowers to the left .
A little girl sitting on a bed playing a guitar .
A young girl in a pink room tries to play a black electric guitar .
A young girl plays guitar by pink walls .
A young girl plays the electric guitar on her bed .
A lady and her little girl are holding hands and walking up the sidewalk .
A mother and child run hand in hand through Chinatown in an American City .
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
Child in red holding the hand of person in red coat walking on sidewalk under awnings .
woman and little girl wearing red in Asian area
A girl goes down a red slide .
A girl inside a long tubular slide .
A little girl with long hear and something in her mouth , wearing light-colored clothing is sliding down a tunnel .
A young girl going down a tube slide .
Young girl in tunnel slide
A black and brown dog carries a red toy in his mouth .
A dog runs on the beach with a red dog toy with a yellow rope attached .
A dog trotting down the beach with a toy in its mouth .
A German Shepherd walks at the beach with an orange Kong toy in its mouth .
The dog is walking on the beach carrying a piece of yellow rope in its mouth .
A dog runs for a ball thrown by a small boy .
A little boy is playing with his dog in the backyard as the snow melts .
A young child is walking alongside a large black and brown dog with snow on the ground .
Little boy and a dog are playing in a fenced in backyard with snow on the ground .
The boy and the dog are outside in the garden with a little snow still on the ground .
A group of people hold drinks and point at the camera .
A group of people are holding up drinks and pointing to the camera .
A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera .
several young people posing for this photo holding beers
Young adults stand pointing at the person taking the picture .
Many people are walking around outside .
Two girls are walking down the street towards a bigger group of people .
Two girls in summer dresses and flip flops walk along a crowded street .
Two women 's backs in towels on the beach .
two women walk down the crowded street .
A girl is running on a desert path .
A girls wearing jeans and a pink shirt runs .
The little girl in the pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert .
The little girl in the pink top is running down the path .
Young girl in jeans runs through desert
A dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach .
A dog jumps out of the waves at the beach .
A dog jumps up on the beach with rocks in the foreground .
A wet dog is jumping through some water on a beach .
A wet dog jumps in the surf .
A girl dressed in pink picks flowers .
A girl in pink picks flowers .
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .
A little girl is holding flowers in her right hand while examining others in her left hand .
The girl wearing a pink shirt is picking flowers .
A child in denim playing hopscotch .
Closeup of a pair of feet in mid jump while playing hopscotch .
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground .
The kid is playing hopscotch .
The legs of a child playing hopscotch .
A black and brown dog running outside .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
A dog running down a hill .
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A man is paddling a boat during a sunset .
a man paddles his canoe on the lake .
A man rows his boat while the sun sets .
A person in a hat reaches with a paddle while sitting in a canoe on a lake .
With the sun reflecting off the water , a man is sitting in a boat and rowing .
A female soccer player gives a teammate a piggyback ride .
A woman carrying another woman wearing matching exercise attire on her back .
The girl is hugging another girl outside .
There is a girl in a Puma jacket being hugged from behind by another girl .
Two athletic girls in PUMA outfits hugging each other .
a few small children drapped with black cloaks and black hats with red trim .
Five children dressed in black cloaks and hats .
five girls dressed alike
Four children in black and red hats and black clothes perform .
Some children in black robes and black and red hats ,
A boy cuts a flip in the grass .
A young man doing a flip on the grass .
Boy doing cartwheels in backyard .
The boy does a flip over a grassy yard .
Young boy in a brown shirt doing a back flip
A dog chases another by a tree .
A dog jumps by a tree while another lays on the ground .
A dog leaps high in the air while another watches .
Two dogs are playing outside .
Two dogs play by a tree .
a brown and black dog running through a river
A dog is running through some water .
A dog running through the water right toward the camera .
A large black and white dog is running through the water .
There is a black dog running in a shallow river .
A crowd of people is standing around a red , white and blue hot air balloon as it is readied to launch into the blue sky .
A crowd of people watch as a Remax hot air balloon gets ready to take off .
A hot air balloon just off the ground surrounded by people .
A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .
people next to a red , white and blue hot air balloon that is on the grass
a boy holds a goat in his arms .
A boy wearing a blue hood holds a baby animal and smiles .
A boy with a coat on his head holds a goat
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms .
Young boy dressed in green holds baby goat in arms .
A man wearing a green jacket is holding onto a baby in an orange bonnet .
A small baby in winter clothing is being held upright to take a picture .
A small child in winter gear is being held steady by an adult .
A toddler girl wears a jacket and stands with a man .
The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat .
A group of young boys playing soccer .
A little boy in green is kicking a soccer ball and 6 boys in referee shirts are following him .
A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee .
Little boys play soccer on the field .
Small children kick a soccer ball on a soccer field .
A boy pushes another child in a kid-sized car .
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .
one child in a red toy car while another pushes him
Two boys play on a toy car .
Two young boys , the older pushing the younger in a jeep shaped wagon .
A boy climbs an indoor rock climbing wall .
A boy climbs a rock wall .
A boy is climbing up a rock-climbing wall while an older boy stands on the ground
Boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away .
Little boy climbing an indoor rock climbing wall .
A boy climbs into his toy car .
A child climbs into a go-kart .
A little boy in a blue coat is climbing into a red play truck .
a small boy in a blue jacket climbs into a power wheels vehicle
A small child wearing a blue coat climbing into a red toy car .
A black dog is completely off the ground while in a race .
A black dog running in a race .
A black dog wearing a yellow vest running in a competition .
A black greyhound dog is running on a track wearing the number six on a yellow jacket .
A race dog numbered six is midair .
A girl is sitting on a log in the middle of some trees .
A little girl squats on a tree stump in the woods .
A young girl sits on a tree stump in the woods .
The girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump .
The girl is sitting in the woods .
A boy jumping over another boy on a trampoline .
A boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
The little boy jumps over another little boy on the trampoline .
Two boys jumping on a trampoline .
a lone man casting a fishing line into the water at sunset .
A man is fishing in the ocean at dusk .
A man is standing on some rocks and casting a fishing line into the ocean
A man looks at the sunset and the ocean , seen in silhouette .
Person fishing in large body of water with low sunlight .
A child rides a wooden horse .
A small boy rides a wooden toy and smiles .
A toddler is sitting on a wooden horse and smiling .
a young blond boy sitting on a wooden rocky horse .
The child is on a wooden rocking horse .
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water .
A brown and white dog is running through the river .
A dog emerging from a lake .
A dog runs through a creek and spashes water .
a dog runs through the water .
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
A large white dog watching a little black dog run in the snow .
A small dog and a large dog in the snow .
A tall white dog sits and watches a small black dog run around him in the snow .
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow .
a black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard
A black dog and a white dog are outside playing with a pull toy .
A black dog and a yellow dog play with a toy .
A white dog and a black dog holding a toy between them in their mouths .
Two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard .
A brown dog holding a foam bat aiming for a ball .
A brown dog in front of a white fence with a blue and red bat-shaped object in its mouth .
A brown dog is playing with a blue and red bat in his mouth .
A brown dog plays with a toy bat hanging out its mouth .
A long-haired dog is playing with a small , blue bat .
A boy in a swimming pool , wearing goggles , gives the " two thumbs up " sign .
a boy wearing a snorkeling mask gives two thumbs up in a pool
A boy with a crew cut and goggles gives the thumbs up sign in a pool of water .
a young boy wearing a yellow scubba mask giving the thumbs up
The boy in the water with the yellow goggles gives two thumbs up .
A child holding a tennis racquet running on a tennis court .
A child runs barefoot across a blacktop parking lot .
A small boy runs barefoot on a concrete surface while holding a racket .
A young boy playing tennis on a wet court with no shoes .
Boy running along court with tennis racket .
A brown dog running through the woods .
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A dog running through a lot of twigs .
A lean dog runs through a wooded area .
A weimaraner dog runs through the woods wearing a red collar .
A dog is jumping through the air in an open , snow covered field .
A dog jumps over the sand .
A little dog is leaping through the air over a snowy field .
Black dog jumps through snowy field .
There is a black dog jumping across sand .
A young boy in a paper crown is sitting in a shopping basket .
A young boy is wearing a paper crown while sitting in a grocery cart .
Boy with a red crown in a shopping cart .
Dark haired child wearing jacket and paper crown while sitting in shopping cart .
Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart .
A little girl on a bouncey playground animal sits while a woman takes her picture .
A woman and a child .
A woman in a checked coat is taking a photograph of a little girl sitting on a fake tiger .
A woman stands next to a child who is riding on a toy .
The lady takes a picture of the little girl on the ride .
A dog pees on the side of a fountain , another dog sniffs the wall , and one is being walked .
Several dogs are walking around on a brick street .
Three dogs are on a cobblestone road .
Three dogs are together outdoors checking out a fountain .
three dogs walk near the fountain .
a group of young children playing in the grass with toilet paper
Four children having fun outside trying to cover each other in toilet paper .
Kids having play fight in toilet paper shreds .
The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass .
Young children playing in a pile of toilet paper .
A group of people sitting at a table .
A man and a woman sit at a desk , another man stands behind the first man .
Three adults at work .
Two men and a woman in an office .
Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired .
A girl and some ducks walk towards the water .
A little girl is creeping behind two ducks at the top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
A person trails behind some ducks on the water to a lake .
A woman walks after two geese near the ocean .
Girl with two ducks on cliff overlooking the water .
A blond girl wearing a green jacket walks on a trail along side a metal fence .
A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute
A young girl in a parka playing a flute while walking by a fenced in field .
Girl in green and blue jacket walking past an enclosed field .
Girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area .
A dog jumps over some water .
a tan dog jumping across a stream
A tan dog jumps across some water while another dog watches .
the white dog jumps over a stream of water .
White dog leaping across a small body of water .
A lady with glasses and a warm hat looks int other distance .
An elderly woman in a knitted cap and white jacket .
An elderly woman sits in a chair and wear a winter hat and coat .
An old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair .
an old woman wearing a wildly decorated knit cap and a white jacket
A blonde boy in a brown jacket sits on a tire swing .
A blonde child riding a tire swing .
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
Little boy swinging fast in tire swing .
A black dog and a tan dog wrestle .
A tan dog is on top of and growling at a doberman wearing a collar in the grass .
A white dog wrestles with a black and brown dog on the green grass .
Black and tan dog play fighting with a white and tan dog .
Two dogs wrestle either in fun or fight on a grassy lawn .
A light brown colored dog is playing ball with a redish brown colored dog in a fenced in area .
One dog with an object in its mouth is met by another dog nearby a fence .
Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .
Two dogs are facing each other .
Two dogs run around in an outdoor enclosure .
A man in a black fedora smiles at the camera .
A man in a hat posing for a picture .
An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera .
An old man with blue eyes wears a big black hat .
The man is wearing a black hat , a beige shirt and has his sunglasses hanging off the shirt .
A dog runs by the water 's edge .
A dog walking along a canal and his reflection is on the water .
A tan dog is running along a river .
A white dog and a brown dog are by a stream .
Dogs near the edge of water .
Children are playing on the swings at a park .
Children playing on a swing set at a park .
seven children are playing on swings in a park .
Six children and two adults playing on or near a swing set .
Two children on one swing at a park with other children .
A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean .
A child and a grownup , each wearing hats , play by the ocean .
A woman and boy playing on a beach .
Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach .
Two children on the beach .
A girl dressed in a red polka dot dress holds an adults hand while out walking .
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk .
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt .
two indian women walk down a road .
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area .
A boat is illuminated at night .
A large ship on the water at dusk .
A man is sitting on the end of hit boat overlooking the water .
A person sits on the front deck of a ship and a city and another ships is lit up in the distance .
A ship in a harbor at night with a city skyline behind .
A couple standing next to a fence looking at a body of water .
A man hugging his spouse looks across the water way .
The man is standing with his arms around the woman as they look at the canal .
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal .
Two people overlook a body of water during the day .
A boy in a red jacket slides down the ice .
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
A child in a red parka slides down a snowy hill .
Child sliding in the snow .
Little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow .
A closeup of a man in glasses looking at the camera .
A guy wearing glasses .
A man in a suit with glasses stands in front of a blurry background .
a man in glasses with a blue jaket and shirt
A man wearing glasses and a suit .
A brown-haired girl wearing a yellow and pink shirt , and carrying a blue backpack is walking next to a blue wall .
A girl beside a blue tarp wall wearing a backpack and a purse .
a girl on her way to class lined by a blue construction wall .
A girl wearing a blue backpack is walking beside a blue plastic fence .
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt with a blue backpack is walking next to a fence covered with a blue plastic cover .
A group of people are partying at a masquerade party .
A lady in red and black grins at the camera at a costume party .
A woman in a domino mask and severe hair is at a party .
A woman in a red dress and black mask is on a crowded dance floor
A woman wears a red dress and a black mask while people dance behind her .
a black dog swimming through a river .
A black dog swims through the water .
Black dog swimming in water .
The black dog gets soaked as it plays in the water .
The dog is swimming in the water .
The greyhound racing dogs are running around a bend in the track .
There are three dogs racing around a muddy track .
Three dogs are making a turn in a dog race .
Three greyhound dogs wearing muzzles round the corner of a racetrack .
Three greyhounds racing around the corner of a track .
A blonde woman playing horseshoes in the snow .
A woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes .
A woman outside throws a horseshoe .
A Yong lady in a grey hoodie is by a brown fence on a snowy day .
Woman standing outside holding a horseshoe in each hand .
A dog runs outside with a yellow toy .
A white dog fetching a yellow toy .
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth .
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy .
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera .
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby .
A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on .
A family playing the spray of a fountain .
A man and two toddlers get sprinkled as they pass an ornamental fountain .
a young girl wearing purple running through water
A boy is standing open mouthed on the steps that lead down to the water .
A boy making an " oh ! " face in front of a bay .
A child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water .
A kid making a funny face in front of the water
A young boy is standing on some steps in front of the ocean .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow .
Dog in jacket running through snow
Dog running though the snow in a green cover .
Dog wearing a coat running in a snowy field .
A boy wearing a brown shirt and hat sits on a box next to a girl in front of a store .
A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts .
Some teenagers smile from an outdoor table .
Ther are two young ladies sitting on crates with big smiles .
The two seated girls smile towards the camera .
A child on the beach while a woman takes pictures nearby .
A little girl in red at the beach while a adult points a camera .
A man and a girl are at the shoreline while the man takes a picture and the girl hods a doll
A woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground .
A woman taking pictures of the surf and a child in the foreground .
A dog and a goat chase two kids playing soccer .
There are two kids , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .
Two boys play soccer while a dog and a goat run after them .
Two children are playing soccer near to a black dog and a white goat .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball in a grassy field also containing a white goat and a small black dog .
A black dog wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air
A dog wearing a blue shirt is running and jumping through the air .
A dog with a blue blanket runs through the grass .
A dog with a muzzle and blue jacket runs around the yard .
The black greyhound dog is running on the grass wearing a blue jacket .
A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up .
A boy sitting in the snow , giving a thumbs-up sign .
A little boy gives a thumbs up as he sits in the snow .
a small child in the white snow wearhing a blue coat giving two thumbs up .
Little boy sitting on snow gives the camera two thumbs up .
A furocious female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball in the air .
A woman dressed in a blue tennis outfit is returning a hit with her tennis racket
A woman in blue hits a tennis ball in a tennis match .
A woman playing tennis .
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball .
people in red and pink walking down large steps
People walk down steps .
Two people descending a set of gray steps .
Two people walking down some stairs .
two women walk down some stairs with intricate designs on the railings
A boy in a green shirt and blue jeans riding a segway .
A boy in a green t-shirt is riding on a Segway
A boy rides a Segway scooter through a crowded city plaza .
kid holding handles on two wheeled object
The child in the green shirt is on a machine with wheels .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while a person looks on .
A dog is going through a slalom style obstacle course .
A dog performs a slalom-like obstacle while the owner walks along side .
A dog plays with a man by running around poles .
The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles .
A bald policeman is walking with a German shepherd dog by a metal crowd control barrier .
An officer and dog are walking in front of a queue of people .
A policeman is next to his German shepherd .
A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog .
The policeman walks with his German shepherd .
A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth .
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth .
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside .
a small tan dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth
A tan dog carrying a stick runs over a garden hose lying in a low cut grassy area .
a buddist worships buddha .
A man is sitting in front of a Buddist monument .
A man stands in front of a statue .
A person prays at a shrine .
Monk praying before buddha statue .
A man in an orange construction uniform wears a white hardhat and sprays a water hose .
A man in an orange safety suit spraying water .
A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water .
A man wearing an orange uniform is working outside with a hose .
The man in the work uniform is using a water hose .
A child in a yellow shirt is looking at the body of water .
A group of people near a lake and on a bridge .
A little boy in a yellow shirt walks near the edge of a pond .
a young boy runs for the pond .
Reflections in water of people on bridge and child walking to the water 's edge
A girl in a red shirt and brown pants is skating .
A woman is rollerblading in public
The woman is skating in the park .
Woman in red shirt and white cap rollerblading on grey surface .
Woman wearing a red sweater , brown slacks and a white hat , rollerblading on the street in front of a yellow building .
A child playing on a red scooter .
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter .
A toddler on a plastic scooter toy .
A young child is riding a 3 wheeled scooter down the sidewalk .
A young child on a three-wheeled scooter .
A man parasails in the waves ,
A man rides large waves on a wind sail .
A man windsurfs in the ocean .
A person parasails on the crest of a wave .
A windsurfer in the waves of the ocean .
A boy in a costume is sitting on a bike .
A child in a dragon costume on a bike .
A child wearing a costume rides a bike in winter .
A little boy on bike wearing dragon costume
A young boy sits on his bike wearing a dragon costume .
A man carries two grocery bags , a sign of a funny man is by the pole near him .
A man dressed in a brown coat and bomber hat is carrying shopping bags and walking towards an intersection .
A man is carrying bags nearby an elevated roadway and crosswalk .
A person in a cap with earflaps carries two grocery bags down a city street past a poster of a mustached man .
Sombody has stuck the face of Groucho Marx on a walk do n't walk button .
A girl in a white dress walks next to a girl in a blue dress .
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress onstage .
A young girl with makeup and jewelry smiles .
Blonde girl in white top with stars standing beside brunette woman in blue top with stars .
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event .
A boy going down a small blue slide .
a kid sliding down a slide while another kid looks on
A little boy is going down a blue slide .
A little boy is watching another little boy ride on a blue slide .
Two little blonde boys play on a slide in the backyard .
two dogs fight next to rocks
Two dogs playfully wrestle in a rocky setting .
Two dogs playing next to rocks .
two dogs play on the dry ground .
Two dogs sit in the shade and lick each other 's face .
A black dog and a brown dog in snow .
The small dogs play in the snow .
Two long-haired puppy dogs have a romp in the snow .
Two Pomeranian dogs playing in the snow .
Two small dogs playing in the snow together .
two black and white dogs fighting in the snow
two dogs bearing their teeth at each other in the snow .
Two dogs fight in the snow .
Two dogs with the same coloring look like they are going to bite each other in the face .
Two furry brown dogs are fighting in the deep white snow .
A boy plays basketball .
A boy wearing blue shorts is bouncing a basketball in front of the net .
A little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop .
little boy playing basketball in the grass
The child in the blue shorts dribbled the basketball .
Children in swimming suits playing in water .
kids are playing in water fountains
Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them .
Two children are playing at a water park .
Young children play in the sprinkler .
A girl hiking in front of a waterfall
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall .
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall .
A person crosses the stream in front of a waterfall .
A woman is backpacking through a stream in front of a waterfall .
A black and white dog with its tongue out is walking .
A dog is standing on a footpath in front of a tree .
A dog pants while standing in the woods .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest
The white and brown dog stands in front of the woods with its tongue hanging out .
Hooded women at event , one seated next to a table with large glasses on it .
People shopping at an outdoor marketplace .
Three women in headscarfs look at somthing out of frame .
Two woman wearing black shoes stand together while a person sits behind them .
Two women in black coats standing in front of a person sitting on a box on the ground .
A boy climbs a rigging on a boat .
A boy climbs a sailboat mast .
A boy wearing climbing gear climbs by a wooden pole .
A small child climbs ropes hung near a large pole .
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder .
A boy riding a unicycle in the park .
A person is riding a unicycle around orange cones .
A person riding a large unicycle .
A unicycle rider in the foreground with other cyclists in the background .
A young person wearing a helmet rides a unicycle .
A dog and its owner takes a run .
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .
A woman in a black sweatshirt is walking on a dock with a wet dog .
A woman walks a dog down a wooden path .
The girl with the black T-shirt is out with a large brown dog .
A dog runs by two cows .
A light brown dog is playing in front of two spotted cows .
Dog herding cows
Dog running in front of two white and brown cows .
Two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them .
A brown dog is running outside .
A brown dog runs in a field .
A brown dog runs in a field while its ears fly to the sides .
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera .
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running .
A black dog is running through a swampy area with tall reeds .
A large dog runs through a field in the rain .
Black dog runs through field in the rain .
The dog runs through the field .
The speckled dog runs through the marsh .
A dog chasing a toy duck .
A dog runs across the grass to get his toy .
the dog barks at the toy .
The light colored dog is chasing after a toy outdoors .
White dog chasing a yellow toy .
A baby is sitting on the floor surrounded by diapers and basket .
A baby on a floor with an overturned basket and articles on the floor .
A baby plays near an overturned basket of diapers .
A toddler sits with diapers spread around the floor .
a young baby sitting in the middle of the floor surrounded by clean diapers
A brown dog is running on a dirt path .
A dog is running down a dirt path .
A running golden retriever
A yellow dog running down a sandy path .
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road .
A brown and white dog running into the water
A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy .
A brown dog is running into the ocean as it chases a purple Frisbee .
A dog splashing in the water .
The dog runs out into the ocean .
One young boy in a striped shirt is chasing another boy on a path through the jungle .
The children are walking on the path lined by trees .
Two boys are running on a path amoung green leafy trees .
Two boys run on a well maintained trail .
Two young children , one in striped top , running down pathway surrounded by ferns .
A brown dog is running in a grassy plain .
A brown dog runs along a path in the grass .
Dog running in field
Dog running on narrow dirt path .
The dog is running along a path that has been made through the uncut grass .
A child plays at a playground .
A little boy stands wide-legged , each foot on each side of the tube slide .
A little boy wearing a red shirt is standing on a slide .
A young boy climbing in a playhouse
Boy on playground equipment
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A fluffy black-and-white dog runs from three people on a sandy beach .
A shaggy dog runs in front of three people on the beach .
a small black and white dog running on the beach with several people in the background
Dog in foreground with three people in background .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
A monster truck gets stuck in a muddy hole .
An ATV attempts to get out of a ditch .
A truck climbs a muddy hill .
The truck appears to be stuck in the mud .
A boy and a baby in a ridable truck .
Two children riding in a small child 's toy vehicle .
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep .
Two little boys ride in a toy truck .
Two little boys sit in a toy car on the grass .
A black and brown dog is running through the woods .
A black and brown dog runs through the woods .
A dog running through the woods .
A dog runs through the woods .
Brown dog with mouth open running toward camera in a wooded area .
A man is in a truck that is lying on its side during a truck event .
A red and white car is overturned on a dirt track .
a red car has rolled over on a dirt track .
The vehicle is lying on its side with the driver inside .
This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .
a bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path .
A man in a white shirt is standing on a trail in the woods .
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail .
A short stubby man with a backpack is standing in a forest
This man , wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts , is standing on a path in the forest .
The three children are holding umbrellas and watching the ceremony in the rain .
Three children with colorful umbrellas stand in the rain .
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera .
Three girls stand under umbrellas before a stage .
three girls take cover under their umbrellas .
A big dog holds its paw out to keep another dog at bay .
A large dog wards off a smaller dog .
Large dog plays with two smaller dogs on grass .
The brown and white great Dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass .
Two smaller dogs and one larger dog with a puffy white tail are playing in a field .
A dog jumping from another dog .
One dog is jumping in the air and the other is standing next to it .
The two dogs are jumping around .
Two dogs are playing .
Two large brown and white dogs are playing in a grassy area .
A miniature dachshund has an apron on its back .
a small brown dog is running across the grass wearing a purple and green coat .
A small dog wearing a purple and green cape
Brown dog , with green and purple cape , runs on grass .
The dog is wearing a purple cape .
A girl using a laptop , another girl , and a boy looking at his cellphone .
A group of people sit against a building and use electronics .
Three people sit near a street .
Three people sitting in front of a store on a bench .
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices .
A boy in an orange shirt runs across a parking lot with graffiti on the wall behind him .
A boy wearing a red jersey is running in the street .
A young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene .
A young boy in blue shorts and a red shirt runs by graffiti .
a young man running on a sidewalk with graffiti in the background
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water .
A black and white dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth
A dog swims retrieving a stick .
This black and white dog is retrieving a stick from the water .
A brown and white dog leaps .
A brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake .
A corgi jumps off a bale of hay , m water and buildings behind it .
A dog jumps over hay .
A small brown and white dog is jumping over bushels of hay .
A boy in a red jacket points at red tulips .
A boy in red is pointing to a red tulip .
A child in a red jacket is pointing at beautiful orange flowers .
A child in a red longsleeve shirt is pointing at the red tulips .
The child in the red jacket is looking at the flowers .
A football game .
A Oklahoma football player standing
A play just beginning during a football game .
Football players playing a football game .
Sooners football player number 50 plays in a game .
A football player dodges a tackle from his opponent .
A football player in red chases a football player in blue .
A football player in red is trying to tackle another player who has the ball .
A football player wears a jersey wuth the number " 4 " on it .
The football player in the gold helmet is running .
A discouraged looking football coach .
A football coach holds a headset .
A man in a white shirt with a white hat holding a pair of headphones at a field based game .
a man wearing a white shirt is carrying a headset communications device along the touchline in a sports stadium .
Man in visor and polo shirt holding electronic device near a sports field
A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref .
A man runs with the football at a professional or collegiate game .
An American footballer in a white and purple strip is making a run with the ball .
A UW football player runs with the ball .
The football player runs with the ball across the field .
A coach at a game .
A coach for a game listens to his headphones and watches the game .
A coach wearing a white shirt and hat on the sidelines of a game .
A football coach watches a play being made .
A man wearing a white shirt is wearing an at&t headphone at a game .
a crowd wearing red , cheers on the red football team .
Football players in red congratulate each other as crowds in red cheer behind .
The Oklahoma Sooners football team discuss their game while fans cheer .
Two football players talk during a game .
Two Oklahoma Sooner football players talk on the sideline .
There is a college player being tackled in a game .
The two football players in white jerseys and purple pants tackle the player in the red jersey .
Three football players are tackling a red uniformed football player during a football game .
Three football players in purple uniforms try to tackle a player in a red uniform .
Two football players try to tackle a player of the opposite team .
A cheerleader dressed in red smiles and cheers .
A smiling blond cheerleader runs with an audience in the background .
A smiling dancer dressed in red is on the football field with fans in the stadium bleachers behind her .
A woman in a red sports outfit is running on the grass in front of a crowd of spectators .
A woman in a red suit is running in a field in front of a crowd .
A man tackles another man while playing football .
Men playing football .
one football player in a red jersey jumping onto a player wearing a white jersey
The American footballer wearing red is pushing the player in white to the ground .
Two football players bang into each other during a football game .
A group of football players are playing football .
A quarterback gets ready to throw the football .
A quarterback ready to pass the football in the middle of a play .
A quarterback scans the football field while the offensive line protects him .
There is a notre dame quarterback dropping back into the pocket at a game .
A coach talks to a football player during a timeout .
A football coach speaks with a player .
A football player in red and white is talking to a coach .
Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .
There is a football player in a red jersey on the field talking to his coach .
A coach speaking to a football player while everyone watches .
A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game .
A football player is talking to his coach .
The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .
The coach talks it over with his quarterback during a timeout .
A boy cheerleader has a girl cheerleader on his knee .
A female cheerleader sits on the knee of a male cheerleader .
cheerleaders taking a break
The cheerleader in red and white is sitting on the knee of a man also wearing red and white .
Two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game .
a football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
A man is checking out an injured football player at a game .
An injured football player is being nursed on the field in the middle of a game .
two men examine a football players leg .
Two men help an injured player on the field .
A football player is trying to tackle another one .
A man in a Sooners jersey blocks an attempted UW tackle .
One football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team .
The football player in red keeps the football away from the player in purple and white .
The football player in white is defending against the player in red who is running with the ball .
Oklahoma University 's Sooners football team playing against a rival .
Three football players are in action on the field
Three football players playing a game while fans watch from the bleachers .
two American footballers in red are confronted by an opposition player in purple and white whilst being watched by spectators in a stadium .
Two football players attempt to advance the ball against a would be tackler .
A college football game is in progress .
A football player runs along the sidelines with a football as a crowd watches .
An American footballer in a red strip is running down the side of the field with the ball .
The football player is running with a football trying to score .
The football player is trying to outrun his opponent .
A football player from the Sooners is about to be taken down by the opposing team in a game .
A football player tries tackling another player who has the ball .
An Sooners football player eluding the tackle of two Huskies defenders .
The football player is running with the ball as a player of the opposing team grabs his leg
The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled .
A horse mascot gives high fives to some football fans .
A horse mascot stands in front of several kids .
A mascot at a sporting event waves to the crowd .
A team mascot raising its hands toward people .
Oklahoma horse mascot in a sea of red fans
football players on the field as a Sooner tries to tackle a player
Men playing football in front of large crowd in stadium
Oklahoma football player running after a Wisconsin player during a game .
Three football players are running on the field while a large crowd is watching
Three football players turn as a crowd wearing red watches .
A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game .
A crowd of people watching a football game with a player wearing red and cheerleaders also wearing red .
A football player is grabbing the ankle of another player who is holding the ball .
An Oklahoma football player is about to score .
The fans at a football game cheer while the player runs towards the endzone .
A football player is kicking the ball while the opposing fans watch .
A football player kicks the ball during a game with a red shirted crowd looking on .
A male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game .
A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
The Sooners play another football team , number 17 goes after the ball .
A man in a baseball hat and sunglasses watching an event in a crowd .
A man in a blue hat is watching something that is happening off camera .
A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap stands beside a TV cameraman in stadium full of people .
A man in sunglasses and a blue cap looking onward .
The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on .
A football player is in action among other players .
a football player points .
An African-American football player , wearing jersey number 12 for the University of Oklahoma , throws a football to his left .
On a football field , there is a played in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him .
Several football players in a stadium
An American footballer in red is being tackled by three players in white whilst other red players look on .
An Oklahoma player is tackled playing football
Football player being tackled by group of other players on field .
Football players are tackling a football player carrying the football .
The football player is being tackled .
A group of football players running down the field .
The crowd is watching a football game .
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple , white , and gold .
The man in red has the football , and the team in white is nearby .
Three Oklahoma Sooners playing football against another team , one of the sooners with the ball in their possession .
A group of men play a college football game .
A red team and a white team are playing football .
Football players avoiding a fumble .
The football player in red is running with the all towards the player in white .
The football players are wearing red and white , and the crowd is also wearing red and white .
A football player clutches the ball while running down the field .
A football player running with the ball .
A football player running with the ball at a game .
A football player wearing a gold helmet runs holding a football .
an American footballer in a white strip is making a run with the ball .
A bunch of football players , and a crowd .
A football game .
a large group of football players about to start a game with a large group watching
Two football teams at the line of scrimmage
Two football teams lined up before the hike .
A football player passes the football to a teammate as the crowd looks on .
A quarterback hands off the football to a running back .
The football players wear purple pants , gold helmets and white jerseys .
Two football players fight to gain possession of the ball .
Two football players make a play , while the other team looks on .
A football player runs with a ball , chased by the opposing team .
A football player runs with the ball as others run towards him .
A player has the football as a crowd in red and white watches
The American football team in white are attempting to stop the player in red who is running with the ball .
Two teams playing a football game in a packed stadium
A football player in blue and one in red play in a game .
A Sooners football player moves quickly on the field as another player runs .
The guy in the blue and white jersey is running , and the guy in the red and white jersey is falling .
The two players , on opposite teams , are in the middle of a football game , while others watch .
Two men play football .
a football player getting tackle
A football player is tackled .
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team .
Three football players tackle another player who is holding a ball .
A red uniformed football player tackles an opposing player .
One football player is tackling another player .
there are two football players in red jerseys tackling a man wearing a white jersey
Three football players and two are fighting for the ball .
Two football players are tackling one player of the opposite team .
A football player in a purple uniform holds the ball while a player in red tries to tackle him .
A football player in white is being tackled by a Oklahoma University player .
An American footballer in a red outfit is attacking the player in white who is running with the ball , whilst other players are nearby .
A Sooners football player is tackling an opposing player .
The receiver is tackled after making the catch .
A football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
Football players gather around the referees .
Football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials .
Oklahoma University football players in front of a crowd of Sooners fans and next to three referees .
The red and white football team is talking with the officials .
A Sooners football player in his red and white uniform being lifted by two teamates dressed the same .
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging .
The football players in the red and white team uniforms are jumping up and down .
Three athletes in red and white uniforms and helmets .
Three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field .
Football player Quarterback in red Sooners jersey and red helmet prepares to receive snap
Football players huddle and get ready for the game .
Football players stand at the line of scrimmage .
Oklahoma Sooner football players on the field .
The Sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center .
A football game in progress .
Football players are on the field .
Men play football as a crowd watches .
Quarterback waiting for snap of football .
Two football teams compete .
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd .
A football player in a Sooners jersey , runs down a field with a large crowd in the background .
A football player in red being tackled by opponents in white .
A football player wearing a number 23 white jersey tackles a football player wearing a red , number three jersey while fans cheer .
A football tackle in progress with a crowd in the background .
A football player tries diving after another player .
A pro football player tackles another player on the goal line in a crowded stadium .
Football player in white and purple uniform with legs being tackled by player in red and white uniform .
Football player tackling another player in a football game .
The red football player is grabbing the purple and white player 's leg to try and stop him .
A football layer wearing a red shirt .
A football player facing off against two others .
A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play .
A football player in a red uniform is standing in front of other football players in a stadium .
defensive player waiting for the snap
A football player for the Sooners is preparing for the next play during a game .
A football player in a Sooners uniform .
A football player wearing a Sooners uniform with the number 42 .
A man in a red football uniform prepares to play .
The football player dressed in red looks down field .
A football player kicks the ball .
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball .
A player for the Oklahoma Sooners football team punts the ball during a game .
Oklahoma University kicker , kicking the football
The football player in red kicks off the ball .
A football player holding a football .
a football player in red gets ready to throw a football .
a lone football player wearing a red and white jersay holding a football .
The football player dressed in red and white gets ready to throw the ball .
The football player gets ready to throw the ball .
A football coach standing with his players behind him .
A group of football players in gold helmets stand around a man in a purple shirt .
A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official .
A man in blue shirt is surrounded by football players .
A man surrounded by football players .
Two blonde girls wear sports jerseys while watching a game together .
Two girls sit near a wall and watch a sporting event .
Two girls wearing red jerseys , each with long light brown hair , sit in the stands .
Two young , blonde girls in red and white ball uniforms with people behind them .
Two young girls appear to be at attention during the national anthem .
A coach in a white polo shirt on a football field
A football coach is walking on a football field .
A man in a white shirt is walking on a football field in front of some players .
A man on the coaching staff for OU has sunglasses on his head during a football game .
A team manager out on the football field during a game .
A man in sunglasses , blue shirt and beige pants walks across an athletic field .
A man is walking along a field .
A man walks down a field with a crowd in the stands behind him .
The head coach is walking out on the field .
The man with the white pants and blue Nike shirt has a whistle around his neck .
A football team doing excercises
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
Football players are stretching together .
The football players are working on stretching their legs .
The four football players in red stretch on the green turf .
african Americans play football .
A group of football players in red and white uniforms .
a large group of football players sitting on a field wearing red and white jerseys .
Many football players sitting on the ground .
Two men in football uniforms sit on the grass , looking unhappy .
A fan checks his cellphone while watching a football game .
A man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event .
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game .
A man in red holds up a cellphone on the sidelines of football game .
A man in red takes cellphone pictures at a football game .
A man is wearing a Sooners red football shirt and helmet .
A Oklahoma Sooners football player wearing his jersey number 28 .
A Sooners football player weas the number 28 and black armbands .
Guy in red and white football uniform
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
A football player is in a red and white uniform Sooners # 28 .
A large football player in a red uniform
A man in a red football uniform and helmet looks to the left .
The Oklahoma football player watches the game from the sidelines .
This football team wears red shirts and red helmets .
A closeup photo of a football player for the Sooners team who is wearing a red jersey with the number 19 .
A football player with a red Sooners jersey on .
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left .
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
Man in playing football in Sooners jersey number 19
A crowd of people standing in front of statues .
A group of people gather in front of plastic statues .
Group of people gathering around a parade float .
Several people are gathered by some statues .
Some people are gathered around a truck carrying some statues .
A child in a red jacket jumping off of a rock into sand .
A girl jumps off a rock while another stands on it .
A girl with a red coat is jumping and the girl in the brown coat is holding a stick .
This girl is jumping off of a rock onto the sand .
young girl in winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A group of people are standing on a platform and waiting for the subway train .
Commuters on a subway platform as the train pulls in
Crowd waiting fro the train .
many people wait for the train .
Several people wait for a train .
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth . a
A man in a white t-shirt eating candy .
A man with a lolly pop in his mouth smiles .
A person with a lolly pop and a white shirt is smiling in a store .
Person in a graphic print t-shirt standing in front of shelves of purses and shoes .
A little white and black dog is leaping over a big brown dog 's head in a field of green grass .
A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
White and black dog jumping over red haired dog in grass .
a black and white dog wearing a blue shirt carrying a toy in its mouth .
A brown dog with a blue suit on is playing with a toy over fake grass .
A dog in a blue sweater leaps while holding an object in its mouth .
A dog wearing a blue sweater holds a yellow toy in its mouth .
The black dog is wearing a blue jacket and playing with a toy .
A girl dances like a man in costume
A little girl and a man dancing .
A man in a black suit dances with a young girl in plaid pants in an outdoor plaza .
The girl in the pink top is dancing with a man dressed in a blues brothers suit .
The little girl dances with a Blues Brothers impersonator .
A black dog walking on the beach .
A black dog walks along a rocky beach .
A wet black dog is walking in the sand .
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind .
Large furry dog walking in the sand near large rocks .
A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
A man dances with a girl .
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
The man wearing the blues brothers suit is dancing with the little girl in the pink top .
Two little girls with no facial expressions stand close to each other in a city .
Two young asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area .
Two young asian girls stand in the street and look concerned .
Two young girls look at something .
Two young girls looking very concerned .
A boy in black clothes is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach .
A person with black shorts and shirt does a handstand on the beach .
A young boy doing a handstand on the beach .
The person is doing a handstand on the beach .
A group of people stand on a brick path .
Four runners pose for a picture .
They are posing for a picture .
Two couples stop to take a photo .
Two young couples posing for a picture in exercise clothing .
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes .
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean .
A dog is running through the ocean .
The brown dog is running in the water .
The brown dog is running parallel to the waves in the water .
An older woman in hiking clothing and a summer hat smiles .
An old lady wearing a hat and smiling .
A woman in a sunhat is wearing sunglasses and laughing .
A woman with a hat , sunglasses and a backpack walks outdoors .
Women in hat and sunglasses smiles .
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water .
a baby who is sticking out its tongue is being held inside a bowl of water .
A cute baby takes a bath in a large clear bowl .
A little baby is taking a bath in a large Tupperware bowl filled with water .
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water .
A white dog runs past another dog who is standing beside some patio furniture .
Two dogs are outside near patio furniture .
two small brown and white dogs standing beside some white chairs
Two small dogs play on the lawn .
Two small white dogs play in the yard .
A boy in a brown jacket is standing on chains between two wooden posts .
A child standing on a heavy chain fence at a dock .
A little boy climbing over a chain fence .
A little boy standing and playing on a chained fence .
Boy climbing on a chain fence .
A girl sits in a car wearing sunglasses and a hat .
a girl wears black sunglasses .
A little girt in sunglasses and warm coat going for a ride .
A small child with winter gear wears black sunglasses and a blue hat .
A smiling child wearing a hat and sunglasses sits in a car .
A child is in colorful , native clothing .
A girl in colorful clothes and hat posing for the camera .
An Asian girl is dressed in a colorful costume and yellow headdress .
A woman wearing a colorful costume looks at the camera .
A young woman with colorful clothes on .
A man walking in front of a black cement wall with a bag on his shoulder .
A man wearing a black shirt and carrying a messenger bag is walking .
A man with a brown bag walks in front of a gray wall .
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall .
There is a man walking with a bag in front of a black square paneled wall .
A child in an orange shirt sitting on a blue and white toy car .
A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car .
A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt .
A toddler boy is riding a push car designed as a police car in a home .
The boy is riding on a toy truck .
A man holding and kissing a crying little boy on the cheek .
a man in a green shirt is kissing a crying toddler whilst watching runners in a road race .
A man kissing a baby at a marathon .
A man wearing a green shirt is trying to comfort his crying child by holding the child and giving him a kiss on the cheek .
Man kisses crying baby at a marathon .
A boy bounces in an inflatable playhouse .
A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .
A boy jumping in a moonwalk .
A kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house .
A young boy jumping in a jumping castle .
A dog jumps up towards a woman in a car , while another dog is outside the car .
An orange dog and a little white dog with black spots are next to a white car .
A small black and white dog jumps at a woman in a white jeep while a golden dog follows beside them .
A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady 's face while another dog watches .
White and black dog jumps at someone through car window .
A baby in a white and pink dress walks outside .
A little girl wears a white dress and pink flip flops .
A small toddler girl in a white dress walking
A young Asian girl wearing a dress running .
A young Asian girl wearing flip flops and a flowered sundress runs down the street .
A child sits in a plastic toy car .
A little kid in a toy car .
Small girl riding in play car .
There is a child in a red and yellow toy car .
The small child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car .
A man in an orange shirt plays fetch with a black French poodle
A person in an orange coat prepares to throw a stick to a black dog .
A person playing with her large black dog .
A woman holding a stick out for a dog .
Woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog
A child running outside with a bright colored ball next to her .
A little girl in a red and white shirt is playing with a inflatable ball .
A little girl is running by a colorful ball on the grass .
A little girl , running in the grass , kicking a beach ball .
The girl is running on the grass next to a colorful toy .
Two naked boys at a pool .
Two naked boys smiling and playing .
Two naked children , one with a mark on his chest .
Two naked young boys play in the water .
Two young , naked boys are wet , while one raises his arm .
A Dachshund going for a walk .
A little brown dog walks on the sidewalk with its tongue sticking out .
a little brown dog with a blue collar is being walked along a path .
A small brown dog is pulling on its blue and white leash while on a walk .
A small brown dog on a leash .
A boy with a metal colander on his head .
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head .
A mad boy who has a bowl on his head .
A young boy wears a metal colander on his head .
This boy in the striped shirt is putting a strainer on top of his head .
A man in a red coat stands in front of a lighthouse surrounded by a stone wall .
A man in a red jacket is standing in front of a tall white building .
Female in red jacket standing in front of a white tower surrounded by rocks .
Girl in red jacket poses for a picture in front of a white lighthouse .
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse .
A child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide .
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides .
A young boy with long curly hair walks outside with his arms spread .
a young child wearing a green shirt with his arms wide open
A youngster playing in the park .
A guy is hanging on a big rock in the woods .
A large rock formation in the middle of a forest .
A man hangs from the edge of a rock .
A person hangs of the vertical side of gigantic rocks in a wooded area .
This appears to be a woman posing near a large , moss-covered rock outcropping .
A boy in the woods .
A boy wearing a white shirt climbs on a forest hill .
A little boy in blue jeans climbs a small incline in the woods and turns around to smile .
A smiling boy kneeling in a forest .
A young boy smiling in the woods .
A little boy in a black shirt is holding a red guitar .
A little boy is playing a miniature guitar and making a face .
A little boy rocks out with his small guitar .
A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star .
A young boy is playing a red guitar .
Five young people on the street , two sharing a bicycle .
Several young people , two on a bike , are walking near parked vehicles .
Three girls carrying large handbags are walking down the sidewalk .
Three women walk down a city street , as seen from above .
three young woman walking down a sidewalk looking up
A kid wearing a brown hoodie doing an ollie .
A man in a hoodie skateboards in front of a blue sky and building , shot from below .
A skateboarder jumps midair near a building .
A skateboarder making a jump .
Man with jeans and a hooding doing skateboarding tricks .
A blonde woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt .
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera .
A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond hair is smiling .
A woman poses for a picture outdoors .
A woman with blonde hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater .
A naked woman is taking a dip in an isolated rocky pool .
A naked woman kneels on the rocks of a shallow stream .
A naked woman steps into the water .
A nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool .
Woman wearing a body suit standing on some large rocks with a green hill in the background .
A girl waterskis on an autumn day .
A person is waterskiing in a lake near autumn colored trees .
A person on a waterski .
A waterskier being pulled dressed for the cold with a life jacket on .
A young person is wakeboarding off the back of a water vehicle .
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella .
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub .
Two kids are taking a bath with an umbrella .
Two little kids are in a bathtub with a yellow and blue umbrella .
two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella .
A dog in a field jumps for a Frisbee .
a small black and white jumping to catch something in its mouth .
A small , white dog with his tongue out is jumping up to catch a toy .
A white dog is jumping up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
White dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object .
A boy speeding down a steep slide .
A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide .
A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide .
Boy sliding down a slide on his knees .
The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees .
Three black dogs on grass .
Three black dogs play in the glass .
Three black dogs play in the grass .
three dogs run through the grass .
Three large black dogs are playing in the grass .
A group of people sit on both sides of a red stone structure .
a group of people sitting on the ground outside of a monument .
A group of people sit together near the stairs of a monument .
Many people sit at the base of a large marble archway engraved with names .
People sit on both sides of a memorial .
A big dog and a little dog stand near each other near the water .
A large brown dog and a small brown dog are standing near each other beside a body of water .
The two dogs are walking past each other on a beach
Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake .
Two dogs pass each other near some water .
A big brown dog sniffs a smaller dog in the gravel beside a body of water .
a big dog stiffing a smaller dog near the edge of a river .
A large dog stands with a smaller dog near the edge of the water .
A red dog looks at a brown dog on a dirt path next to a lake .
The big dog is checking out the smaller dog .
A child in a fuzzy blue hat on a tricycle .
A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside .
A little girl with purple hat is riding a tricycle along paved road by some farmland .
A young girl in blue hat and coat is riding a tricycle .
Little kid in blue coat and hat riding a tricycle .
A
A black and white dog is climbing down a hill .
A black and white dog is sliding down a sandy hill .
A black and white dog wearing a red collar is digging in the dirt .
A black dog running on a sand mound .
A black and white dog runs over the green grass .
A brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A dog running on the grass
A dog runs in a field .
A smiling dog runs in the grass .
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy .
Two dogs fight over a green stuffed toy .
Two dogs holding a green and orange toy between them .
Two dogs , one brown and white , the other black and white , play tug-of-war with a green toy .
Two dogs sharing a toy .
A boy rides his skateboard up an incline next to a fence .
A teenage boy skateboards by a fence .
A teenager is riding a skateboard alongside a metal fence .
a young man with a black striped shirt on skateboarding on a wall .
boy skateboarding on ledge
The children in the scene are in a petting zoo and are acting like a duck or chicken .
Two children play in a yard with farm animals .
Two children playing around farm animals .
Two children playing in a fenced in grassy area with farm animals .
Two kids playing in a yard with some farm animals .
A man in a striped scarf walking down the sidewalk .
A man in black with a scarf walks down a street .
A man walks down the street .
a man wearing black , walks down the street .
A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street .
A girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos .
A little girl throws an object at a man who is standing behind a cutout of a sailor on a ship .
A young boy and girl are trying to hit a man with balls in a fair game .
Children are throwing food at someone as part of an amusement park game .
Children watching a play .
A brown and white dog attempts to catch a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field .
A dog is catching a ball .
A dog is running and catching a ball
A dog is running on the sand whilst chasing a ball .
A dog with its mouth wide open to catch a ball in the sand .
A dog running in the sand .
A white dog is running on sand .
A white dog running on a dirt field
The white dog with pointed ears is running on the dirt .
Two white dogs outside on a sunny day .
A girl cross-country skis .
A girl on skis in snow .
A little girl wearing a purple winter coat and sunglasses skiing in the snow .
Little girl on skis
The young girl is cross-country skiing .
A man sitting at an outside table , eating lunch , marking on a paper .
a single man sitting at a round table reading outside of a shop
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant .
Man reading in a chair outside
The man is taking notes at the table .
a biker bikes through the woods .
A girl on a bike is wearing a backpack and a helmet , and riding through a wooded area .
A mountain biker rides in the woods .
A woman rides her bike by some trees .
a woman wearing a black helmet riding on a bike
A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet .
A girl in a bounce house .
A girl playing on a parachute .
The little girl is playing with her shoes off .
This girl is playing on an object which is yellow , green , red , and blue .
A black dog chasing geese .
A dog chases two geese .
A dog chasing 2 geese in an open field .
A large , black dog is chasing two geese in a field .
Dog runs after two geese in field
A brown dog runs through the water on a beach .
A dog in the water near the beach with an urban horizon behind .
A dog running in the surf .
Tan and white dog running in water .
The large brown and white dog splashes on the shore .
A child is crying in a low cut field with a drainage pipe nearby .
A child is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .
A young boy sitting is a field with a drain pipe in the background .
Baby by sewer drain cries
The young child is sitting on the grass in a park .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
a man standing on a concrete platform with his arms wide open
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands .
Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base
The man is standing on a stone stump on top of a hill with his arms outstretched .
A brown dog is chasing a black dog on the sand .
A dog holding a stick running in the sand , chased by a grey dog .
Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line .
Two dogs running near a line of tall trees .
Two dogs running through sand .
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain .
A man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument .
A man stands near a statue on a mountaintop .
A man stands on a peak near a statue .
A man with a hat stands next to a pyramid-shaped monument on a cliff .
A girl in a gray shit is throwing her hands up .
A girl in a grey shirt puts her hands over her head in a gesture .
A young dark haired girl with her hands raised over her head .
A young girl in a grey illustrated shirt is holding her hands over her head .
A young girl raises her arms over her head in front of a couple of other people in the park .
A girl wearing a brown cap , red sneakers , and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench .
A hiker in a jacket and knit cap sits with a backpack on atop a stone with a cloudy sky in the background .
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block , looking out .
A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains .
The lady is sitting on a rock .
A girl dismounts from a swing as high as she can and lands on the rubber tiles below .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
A young girl jumps off a playground swing .
The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
One boy rides a tricycle while another walks beside him .
two indian children walk and ride bikes down the street .
Two little boys in yellow shirts and red shorts .
Two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts .
Two young children with red dots are their foreheads are both wearing yellow shirts and red shorts and one is riding a red tricycle .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
A black dog is being squirted with a jet of water .
A dog drinks from a sprinkler .
A dog drinks water outside on the grass .
The dog tries to bite the water coming out of the sprinkler .
A man hands out fliers while wearing a mask .
A man in a blue shirt and tie is wearing a white mask whilst handing out papers .
A man in a button up shirt and tie is wearing a smiling mask .
A masked man in blue shirt and a tie holding papers in front of him .
Man in business attire with Guy Fawkes mask holding paper at protest .
A black and white dog catc
A black and white dog is playing with a Frisbee outside .
A black and white dog jumps to catch the green Frisbee .
A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field .
A small black and white dog jumping on the grass to catch a Frisbee
a couple riding a bike
a couple riding down the street on a motorcycle
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle .
A man sits on a motorcycle and a woman is on the back .
Two people ride together on a black motorcycle .
A man in a gray shirt jumps in the air .
A man in shorts and a t-shirt is jumping in front of a desert landscape
A man jumping .
A man jumping in front of a mountain .
A man wearing a gray shirt jumps through the air with mountains in the background .
Two black and brown dobermans running in a field playing ball .
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field .
Two doberman 's run through a field while one of them holds a tennis ball in its mouth .
Two dogs run around together in the field .
Two large black dogs , one with a ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
A boy skateboards up a concrete ramp .
A man does tricks on his skateboard off a ramp .
A skateboarder wearing a red plaid shirt does a trick off of a concrete ramp .
its a distorted lens ( almost fish eye ) of a teenage boy skateboarding on a concrete block .
Skateboard rider balancing on a rock on his skateboard .
A boy sleeps in a hospital bed while wearing a cast on his arm .
A boy wearing an arm cast lying in a hospital bed
A boy with an injured right arm and wearing blue shorts is lying on a bed with a towel .
A young boy with a broken arm sleeping in a hospital bed .
A young boy with a cast on his arm is lying on a hospital bed .
A child in green shoes is splashing in a puddle .
A child is walking through a puddle wearing green sandals
a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle
The child is running through a puddle in a street .
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
A girl is peeking in a window .
A girl peers into a window .
A girl peers into a window .
A little girl is trying to look into a dark window .
A small girl in a pink shirt and blue jeans is peeping through a window into a house .
A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture .
A group of people having their picture taken .
A group of people outside having their picture taken
A person standing on a pillar taking a group photo .
A woman stands on a concrete block taking a picture of a group of people on a sidewalk beside the road .
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy .
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy .
a dog chases a toy .
A dog prepares to bite a yellow dog toy .
A tan dog wearing a blue collar is playing with an orange toy .
A child in a bright blue sweatshirt playing in the woods with a red wagon .
A child wearing a blue sweatshirt makes a funny face standing next to a wagon .
A girl in a forest carries a metal bowl towards a red wagon .
A kid playing outside with a wagon .
A young boy is playing in the yard .
A child in an orange shirt holding a baseball bat watches the ball thrown at him .
A little league game in action .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a baseball .
a young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
Boy in yellow shirt getting ready to hit orange ball with baseball bat
A black and white agility dog weaving between poles .
A black and white dog running between poles .
A black and white dog weaves between metal bars .
A competition dog running between poles
A dog weaving through an obstacle course .
A crowd of people are socializing .
A crowd of scantily clad people at an outdoor festival
a large crowd of people .
A large group of people fill the picture , which is taken from above .
Many people standing around listening to music .
A blurry dog inside on a carpet .
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth .
Dog jumping up with something in its mouth .
The furry brown and white dog is jumping around near a door .
a group of muzzled greyhound dogs jumping over a wall .
Four dogs jumping over a hurdle .
many dogs jump over a fence .
The dogs are racing .
The dogs jump over an obstacle at an event .
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles .
A white dog moving through red and white checkered poles .
A white dog with a black patch goes through an obstacle .
The white dog is running through white posts on an obstacle course .
A brown dog has his face down in the snow .
A brown dog in a red collar is diving into the snow .
A brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow .
A dog in the snow .
A yellow dog with a red bandanna fallen through the crust of the snow .
A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley .
A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow .
Sledding and skiing enthusiasts gather at a snowy rock formation .
Snow skiers gather at the bottom of a snowy hill .
Some people hanging out in the snow .
A black and white dog is in the grass with a red striped disk .
a black and white dog jumping in the grass after a Frisbee .
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee .
A dog is on his hind legs and a Frisbee is near the ground .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in a field .
A little boy is standing alone in the a wooded park .
A young child is standing in front of some trees .
A young child with orange sleeves stands alone in the woods .
Small boy in forest .
The little boy poses in the garden .
A group of girls sit back to back .
a group of girls sitting in a circle
Little girl in bare feet sitting in a circle .
Little girls sitting in a circle on wooden floor surrounded by observer area .
The young girls sat in a circle on the wood floor .
A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table looking back at a group of people behind him .
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon .
A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people .
A man sitting at a picnic table with a tray and partially consumed beer in front of him .
A man holding girl at top of a slide
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .
a man in sunglasses is holding a child at the top of a slide
A man with sunglasses is helping a child with sunglasses slide down a slide .
a person helping a small baby down a blue slide
A bunch of dogs and kids playing in a swimming pool .
Dogs and people play in a pool .
Five dogs are swimming and four people are wading , together inside a dog park pool .
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting .
Several people and dogs are in or near a large outdoor swimming pool .
A dog , nose to the ground , walks in a grassy field .
A dog with a red collar is walked on a field .
a grey dog walking on a leash in some grass
Brown dog on a leash is sniffing the ground in a field of grass .
The large brown dog with the red collar is in the grass .
Two brown dog grapple each other in a sandy area .
Two brown dogs are biting each other .
Two brown dogs are wrestling with each other on some wasteland .
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand .
Two tan colored dogs playing .
a baby is peeking his head over blue playpen .
A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen .
A baby looks out over the edge of its playpen .
A baby peeking out from inside her cot
A small child is standing in his blue and aqua playpen and all you see if from his eyes up .
People in or near water with trees in the background .
people lounge in a man made pool , next to a river
Seven people are wading in a natural pool .
Some people are sitting in a watery pool beside the river .
There are people in swimming pool next to a river .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it , holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
A woman in jeans rests on a bench in a gallery or shop setting .
A woman wearing a blue shirt sits on a white bench .
The lady in the aqua shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a white bench .
The woman in the blue shirt sits on a bench in a museum as others pass her by .
Woman sitting alone with drink on a bench as people walk by .
Three men standing in the tide at a beach .
Three men stand on the beach , fully clothed .
Three men wade into the ocean shore .
Three people in jackets at a rocky beach .
Three people on a beach .
A group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside .
A group of people in matching outfits hiking up a trail with one person lagging behind .
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass .
People walking
Several hikers walking along a rocky path .
A longhaired man surfing a large wave .
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .
A man surfing in the ocean .
A surfer showered in the spray of a wave .
Man riding a surfboard on a wave .
A girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched .
A man is throwing a girl into the air .
A man throws a child into the air .
A man tosses a child in camouflage into the air .
A man with a close-cropped haircut is waiting to catch a child that he has thrown into the air .
An elderly woman sits on a tree stump with a white dog .
An old woman with a white dog
A white bulldog sitting on a tree stump gives paw to an older woman wearing a black jacket .
A woman and a dog sit on a tree stump .
There is an older white haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump .
A brown dog is leaping over a fallen tree in the woods .
A brown dog with tongue sticking out jumping over a log .
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out .
A dog leaps over a log in the woods .
The dog with big ears is leaping over a fallen tree .
A boy plays baseball .
A boy with a plastic bat , looking skyward , about to throw a ball .
A little boy plays baseball with himself .
A small boy playing in the grass with a blue bat and a ball .
A young boy wearing blue is holding a blue baseball bat and holding a white ball in his hand .
Two brown dogs fight over some cloth .
Two dogs are fighting over a plastic bag .
Two dogs fight over a bag on a wooden deck .
two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio .
Two medium sized light brown dogs are playing tug of war with a dish cloth .
Two dogs are tugging at a piece of white material .
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth .
Two dogs tug on a towel .
Two dogs with a rag in their mouths
Two large black dogs with red studded collars pulling on ends of a white rag on porch
A child with wild hair and sunglasses getting off a blue slide .
A small child at the bottom of a slide has hair sticking up .
a young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide
A young child wearing sunglasses is at the base of a blue slide .
Distorted photograph of a child at the bottom of a slide .
A dark haired bearded man in glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is sitting on the grass .
A man wearing glasses sits in the grass .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
A man with glasses and a beard sitting in the grass .
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree .
Three woman walk down a city street and one has a pink purse .
Three women , two with tattoos , walking down the street
Women are walking through the street drinking iced coffee .
Women walk down a buzy sidewalk .
Women walking down the street .
A black and tan dog is running along a series of stone walkways spaced between grass .
A dog running .
A dog running in a park .
Dog running down paved walkway near a Japanese maple tree .
The dog runs in the park .
A group of baseball players wearing blue uniforms walk across the grass .
A men 's baseball team leaving the field
A team of baseball players in blue uniforms , walking together on field .
Group of people on a ball team wearing blue and white uniforms some of gloves on their hands one is wearing red shoes , tall trees are in the background .
Twelve members of a baseball team walk across the diamond .
A girl swings on a nice day .
Child in a striped shirt is swinging from a rope swing .
Girl swinging on a swing outside in a wooded area .
The blonde girl with the blue stripe shirt is swinging .
The young girl is on a swing outdoors .
A man in a wheelchair riding to the park .
A person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk .
a person wearing a knit cap riding in a wheelchair along a seidwalk outside of a building .
A person with a brown hat and black jacket is in a wheelchair crossing in front of a sign that says " park " .
The handicapped man wheels past the parking lot .
A child slides down a slide and into the water .
A girl sliding into a pool
A little girl in a white shirt sliding down a green slide splashing into a blue baby pool .
A little girl splashes in a pool of water .
Little girl slides down in the pool .
A black and white dog catches flying discs thrown by a man .
a black a white dog catching Frisbees thrown by a man in a white shirt
A dog jumps for a Frisbee at the Purina Incredible Dog Challenge .
A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air .
Man in white shirt tossing Frisbee for black and white dog who has a white Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog with a Frisbee jumps over a man
A large crowd of people are sitting watching a dog jump high up to catch a Frisbee with a man standing under the dog looking up at it .
A man ducks down as a dog flies over his head to fetch a Frisbee .
A white dog in a blue leaps over a man in a blue outfit with yellow stars in order to catch a Frisbee whilst people stand by and watch .
Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track .
Four dogs in blue , green , red and black jerseys are racing .
Four dogs race around a turn .
Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track .
A man holds his brown dog back from jumping in the water .
A man in a white shirt is leaning over a brown dog in an orange collar .
A man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog .
a man standing behind a black dog with a red collar
The man wearing a tan hat and white shirt holds his brown dog which is wearing an orange collar .
a boy with his leg wrapped in blue tape
A little boy with his leg covered in painters tape , his brother wearing a superman cape .
Boy with blue cast sits with a boy in an orange cape .
One boy has his leg wrapped in blue material and the other boy is wearing a red cape .
two kids playing super heroes
A dog jumps off a wooden porch .
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch .
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch .
Brown dog jumping off of a deck .
An equestrian and horse make a jump on a course .
A rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle .
A show jumper wearing a blue helmet rides a white horse over wooden fence that is decorated with red and yellow flowers .
The rider is practicing jumps on a beautiful white horse .
White horse with jockey jumps a barrier
A black animal and a white animal in motion in close quarters .
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
A black , shaggy haired dog is playing with a brown and white , fluffy dog on the gravel .
Two dogs are playing together on the pavement .
A beautiful waterfall with two people walking on the road beside it .
A beautiful waterfall flows down the side of a mossy rock wall .
A waterfall cascades into a shallow pool .
A waterfall splashes into a pool at the bottom of a steep grassy hill .
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall .
A brown and black dog is jumping through a ring of fire .
a brown and black dog jumping through a hoop of fire
A dog jumping through a ring of fire .
A German shepherd is jumping through a ring on fire .
A tan and black dog leaps through a burning hoop on a field .
A white dog chasing a black dog across the grass .
A white dog is following a black dog through the grassy area .
There are two dogs , black and white , and the black one is jumping .
Two dogs running in a grassy , fenced in area surrounded by trees .
Two dogs running through a yard with a forest in the distance .
Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
Two girls run through a sprinkler in a pool .
Two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people .
Two young girls are running through shallow water at a pool .
Two young girls run through a pool while water sprays them .
A girl in red jumps across a path .
A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air .
A young girl dressed in a red hoodie , red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose .
Girl in red jumping up
The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path .
A girl in black tank top catches a fish .
A woman holds a fish up that is connected to her fishing pole .
A woman in a black bathing suit holds up a fish .
A young woman holds up a fish she caught .
The woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole .
A boy throws a soccer ball from the sidelines in a soccer game .
A child holding a soccer ball over his head .
A child holds a soccer ball above their head while a group of seated people watch .
A child holds a soccer ball while people watch .
A girl in a sports outfit balances a soccer ball on her head .
A delivery man is passing by two people at an art gallery .
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall .
A man with a basket is walking through an are gallery .
People admiring paintings on the street .
Some people are looking at pictures at an art gallery .
A little girl with a blue bow holding a plushie while picking her nose .
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose .
An asian girl with a finger up her nose .
A young girl picks her nose .
Young asian girl with blue hair ribbon picking nose .
A black dog carries a bird in its mouth as it jumps over a fence .
a black dog jumping a wire fence with a dead bird in his mouth .
A dog , holding a bird in its mouth , jumping a fence .
A dog trying to jump a wire fence with something in his mouth .
The black dog is jumping over a fence with a bird in its mouth .
A man is docking a boat
A man is using a long pole to push two boats apart .
A man on a boat is using a large stick to push another boat away .
A man on a fishing boat pushing a wooden pole into the water .
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick .
A boy with a red shirt climbs a large rock while a man with a red shirt helps him .
A man climbing the face of a rock .
a man stands at the bottom of a rock face whist another man climbs up it .
a person climbing a large rock with another person on the ground helping
Man helps another person reach the top of a rock they are climbing .
A black and brown dog is wearing a blue color and is standing over water .
A black and brown dog standing on a beam above water .
A black dog is standing on an iron girder that bridges the river .
A dog is standing on a metal beam alertly looking at something .
A dog on a girder with a river bank in the background .
A man in a hat standing in front of a tire shop .
A man standing in front of a garage .
A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business .
The man at the used tire shop has a white beard .
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
a blonde boy in a white and orange t-shirt is playing on a swing .
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
A child is smiling while being on a swing .
A little boy swings at the playground .
Young child swinging on a swing .
a african american stands by his car .
A man stands at the wheel of a classic american car , door and trunk open .
A man stands next to a car .
Man in blue shirt stands outside the car .
The man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car .
A man is fly fishing Alon in a stream .
A man is wading in a river .
Man fly fishing in a small river with steam in the background .
Person fishing in river .
The man is standing in the river next to smoking grass .
A boy standing on a football field with a colored ball .
A little boy in orange kicking a soccer ball .
A little boy stands at a football field and prepares to kick a child 's play ball .
An orange shirted boy looks to the side , as he faces the rainbow colored soccer ball on the chalk striped field .
A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball .
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass .
A dog is running through a field .
A large white and black dog is running very fast through the grass .
The black and white spotted dog is running outside .
The dog is running while looking up
A brown dog races through a field .
a brown dog running through the tall grass .
A dog running in long grass , a housing development behind it .
A tan dog is bounding through grass .
Two dogs running through tall grass .
A girl with blonde hair and a black shirt .
A woman sits at an outdoor cafe table with really big blond hair .
A woman who is wearing red lipstick and has curly hair sits at a table .
A woman with bright red lipstick and big blonde hair sitting at an outside cafe
A woman with thick curly blond hair sits outdoors at a table .
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline .
A man and two small boys jump on a trampoline .
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
Three males are jumping on a trampoline outside .
A blond dog runs down a flight of stairs to the backyard .
A dog jumps off the stairs .
A tan dog runs down a wooden staircase to the green grass .
A yellow dog is jumping across a grassy yard in front of a wooden deck .
A yellow dog jumping off of a porch .
A group of 6 boys are wearing yellow life vests and are on a make-shift raft .
A group of people on a boat .
Boys in life jackets on a watercraft .
Several young people in life jackets are sitting on something floating in water .
The boys in life jackets smile and laugh while riding in a boat .
asian boys play on a raft in a lake
The three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water .
Three boys in life jackets float on a raft .
Three boys wearing life jackets are on top of innertube in the water .
Three boys wearing yellow lifevests on a raft on the water .
A boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball .
A boy chasing a baseball .
A little boy playing baseball goes for the ball on the ground .
A young boy dives to catch the ball during a baseball game .
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball .
A child throws something for a white dog to catch .
A girl trains her white dog with treats .
A little girl plays fetch with a white dog .
Girl gives treat to jumping dog .
Little girl throwing food in the air for her white dog to catch .
A person and a black dog are walking through the snow .
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .
A person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog .
The hiker is walking up a snow covered hill with a black dog .
A boy is diving through the air into a swimming pool .
A boy jumps into a pool on a bright sunny day .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
A smiling child dives into a pool .
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .
kids in orange life vests on sitting in a black raft
Boys in orange life jackets sitting on raft in water
Five boys are sitting on a grey raft in the lake .
Five boys in life jackets sitting on floating device in a lake
Young boys in orange life vests sit on a raft .
A man , seen from the back , with his head turned to the side wearing a backpack
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side .
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
The man in the backpack looks to his left .
the man is wearing a backpack and sunglasses while walking through an outdoor market .
A girl in purple pants running with two dogs .
A girl is running through a field with a brown dog and white dog running beside her .
A girl running outside with three dogs
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field .
Girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
A little boy kneels and prepares to throw a basketball .
A little boy starts to toss a mini basketball .
a little boy throws a basketball .
A small boy lifts a red and blue ball .
toddler dressed in blue and red holding blue and red ball
A black dog , running on grass .
A dog runs through the grass towards the camera .
A large dog running on grass with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A large gray dog carrying a ball in its mouth runs across the grass towards the camera .
The grey dog is jumping through the grass with water in the background .
A black and brown dog and a grey poodle sticking its butt in the air on the sand .
There are two dogs playing in the dirt .
Two bigs dogs play with each other .
Two dogs are playing in the sand .
Two dogs looks at each other while standing on the dirt .
A group at an outdoor party includes a man wearing camouflage pants with neon orange boots and suspenders .
A group of people are standing together outside .
A man with orange boots stands with a few other people .
The girl min the pink top is looking at the man who is wearing orange boots and patterned pants .
There is a woman in a pink shirt holding a can and three other men .
A man holding a paddle is standing in front of a yellow kayak .
A man is standing in the water with a kayak .
A man stands next to his yellow boat in the water .
A person in red and blue holding a paddle in front of a yellow canoe in the water .
Person standing in the water by a yellow boat with an oar in their hand .
A group of young people stand around waiting for something .
People are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie
This is a group of people standing around at some sort of event .
Youngle people standing together .
Young people hang out at a party .
A boy plays with sand near green grass .
A little boy pours sand from a shovel into a pail .
A young boy in a blue shirt pours sand from one container to another .
A young boy shovels sand into a mold .
A young child in a blue shirt is playing with sand
A black and brown dog swimming in a lake .
A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water .
A dog swimming in water towards the camera .
A large black and tan dog is coming out of the water .
Black and tan dog swimming toward shore of pond
A little boy quickly pushes another child on a riding toy .
Blurry image of one young boy being pushed in a cart by another .
One boy is pushing another boy down a street in a doll carriage .
One boy is running and pushing another little boy on a toy with wheels on it .
Two young kids play and run .
A black and a tan dog .
a black dog chasing after a brown and white dog in the grass
A dog is running away from another dog .
Two dogs play around in the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A brown and white dog fetching a toy .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
A dog running though a grassy field .
Brown dog with objest in mouth moving toward camera .
The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball .
A woman wearing a bathing suit points in a case as another looks on .
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .
Two girls lean over and look at something in a case .
two woman looking into a glass case .
Two women are looking into a glass case .
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other .
kids running after soccer ball in their game
Two boys playing soccer go after a ball .
Two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball .
Young boys playing soccer .
A big brown dog runs with a stick in his mouth , and a big black down runs behind him .
A black dog and a brown dog with a stick in his mouth are running in the field .
A brown dog runs with a stick in its mouth and a black dog follows .
A dog running with a stick in its mouth .
Two dogs are running , one of them has a stick in its mouth .
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest .
A group of people are backpacking through the woods and snow .
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area .
Four hikers hike on trail through snow .
People walking in a line with backpacks are using a trail through the trees .
A dog and a person look under the shelf .
A dog and a woman bending over .
A woman and a dog both kneel with their heads down and butt in the air .
a woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera
The backs of a woman and a dog .
A boy blowing bubbles .
A boy in a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles .
A boy is blowing bubbles
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A big brother helps a little sister blow bubbles .
A boy helping a younger girl blow bubbles .
A girl in a black shirt blowing bubbles .
A little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop .
A little girl with blonde hair and a blue shirt is blowing bubbles outside with someone .
A man in a yellow shirt walks past a tree on the sidewalk .
A man in yellow holding a coffee is walking on the sidewalk .
A man steps onto a sidewalk .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk
Man walking fast with coffee in hand down the sidewalk .
A child is leaping into the air from a sand dune near the beach .
A girl jumping high off of the sand .
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean .
A young girl jumping in the sand on the beach
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her .
A dog races while wearing number 6 .
A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track .
a muzzle greyhound dog running on a track
A tan greyhound wearing a gold shirt with a number on it runs down a track .
muxzzled greyhound leaping in race with yellow jacket .
A lady stands in a field of tulips looking unamused .
A woman is standing in a field of tulips holding onto a coat and cellphone .
A woman stands in a field of flowers .
The woman is standing in a field of colorful tulips .
Woman standing in a field of tulips
A boy in a black shirt punches a yellow punching bag while a boy in a blue sweatshirt holds the bag .
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching .
Some kids play outside on a nice day .
The boy in the black sweatshirt is hitting the yellow object held by the boy in the blue sweatshirt .
Two boys talk on a field near palm trees .
Two boys are standing on a balance beam while playing with a green rope .
Two boys holding a green rope and competing against each other on a balancing rod , while others look on .
two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope .
Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on .
A boy in a blue shirt climbs through the mud .
A boy in a blue shirt on a mound of mud
A boy in a pile of mud .
A boy in deep mud is attempting to get out with onlookers nearby .
A boy playing in mud
A child swinging a multi-colored banner .
A young boy is playing with a colorful streamer .
a young boy waving a streaming kite
A young child plays with a colorful toy outside .
The boy is playing with a colorful ribbon .
A man in a dark shirt and shorts is standing on top of a high graffitied rock .
A man in black standing on a rock with the phrase " life is short " spray painted on it .
A man is standing on rocks , which are inscribed with the phrase , " life is short " on the side .
A man stands on a rock and takes in the view .
A man wearing a black shirt is standing on top of a rock that says , " life is short " .
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field .
Two girls pillow fight in a school play yard .
Two girls playing with plastic bags in a park .
Two girls swinging bags .
two young girls htting each other with sacks on a field .
A girl climbing on a climbing ledge .
A little girl is climbing up a climbing wall
A small girl climbs a rock wall .
A young girl ascends an indoor climbing wall .
A young girl practicing rock climbing on an indoor wall .
a couple of people struggling through a muddy pit
A person wearing orange pants in playing in the mud .
Two girls climbing out of a mud pit by a beach .
Two girls wading through hip deep mud .
Two girls wake through some mud at a park .
A group of motorcycles wearing black .
Bikers are seen riding during a parade , one has an American flag .
Man carrying american flag rides motorbike .
many motorcyclists ride along the street .
People on motorcycles ride down a street with an American flag waving .
A man carrying a fishing pole silhouetted against a bright blue sky .
A person stands on a hill surrounded by blue skies and clouds .
A person with a fishing pole is backlit against a blue cloudy sky .
A person with a fishing pole silhouetted in front of a blue sky .
A silhouette of a man with a fishing pole .
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers .
A man in camouflage clothing hides in a bed of roses and other flowers .
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .
A man kneels in a field of red , yellow , and white tulips .
The man is in a field of tulips .
A boy and a dog run through the grass .
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog .
A child and a dog running across a grassy lawn .
A large dog chases a boy through a field .
A young Asian boy running with a white and grey dog on green grass .
A boy in the bathroom wearing a Spiderman t-shirt holding a ball and a toothbrush .
A boy is in the bathroom holding a green ball and a toothbrush .
A boy wearing Spiderman clothes standing in a bathroom .
a Kid in a spiderman outfit holds toothbrush and ball in the bathroom
A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball .
A father and son are flying a red kite .
A man and a child are flying a kite in a field in the city .
A man and boy are flying a kite together .
An adult and a child fly a kite together .
Man and boy fly kite in park .
A man about to paraglide from the water .
A man glides on top of the water .
A man is pulled through the water on a large ski .
a man on the sea .
man holding harness waterskiing
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
The motorcycle is being ridden on a track whilst pulling a wheelie .
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out .
A young boy with brown hair and green eyes looks at the camera and sticks his tongue out .
A young boy with reddish hair and grey colored eyes sticks his tongue out .
Kid in jacket points tongue out
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue .
A man jet boarding .
A parasurfer is airborne over the water .
A wakeboarder is attempting a trick while holding on to lines pointed upward .
A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave .
person on a wakeboard in the air
Children are practicing judo on red and white mats .
Girls do martial arts on a red mat .
People practicing martial arts in a training hall .
Two children perform a karate move on a red mat .
Two girls karate fighting
Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo .
Two little girls are dressed in white karate uniforms .
Two little girls practice martial arts .
Two little girls spar in a Karate bout .
Two young girls sparring in white martial arts outfits while a third person watches from the side .
a lone parasailer surfing in the ocean wearing a black swimsuit .
A man is kite surfing away from the camera .
A man is sky surfing on the water .
A man waterskis while attached to a parachute .
A waterskier cuts through the blue water with sailboats in the background .
A man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants sitting on a staircase
An old man sits in an ancient brick archway .
An old man with a white shirt and black pants sits on a chair in the opening of a stone tunnel .
Elderly man sitting in a doorway .
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .
A person sitting on a bench and holding a picture in front of their face .
Someone is sitting on a wooden bench holding the picture of a face up in front of their own face .
The person blocks his face with newspaper to avoid being photographed .
The person is holding a picture in front of their face .
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .
A man in a red shirt climbs a rock while another man stands behind to help him .
A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff .
A man in brown is helping a man in red climb a rock .
A man wearing a brown sweatshirt helps a man in red climb a rock .
A woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy .
A woman holding a ball chases a small boy running in the grass .
a woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy .
A woman is running after a boy on the grass .
A woman with a softball runs after a child in a grassy lawn .
A beige dog runs through the shrubbery toward the camera .
A blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron .
A brown dog is running through a wooded area .
The dog is running through the yard .
The yellow dog is running next to a bush on a path in the grass .
a lone man wearing sunglasses sitting on a concrete wall
A man sits by a dock looking at the water .
A man sits on a dock with a bottle of water .
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty .
A girl sits on a rock wall while looking at her cellphone .
A woman sitting down checking her cellphone .
A woman with a backpack looks at her cellphone while sitting on a short concrete wall .
The young person reviews his photos while sitting on a bench .
Woman sitting and looking at phone , with a black backpack .
A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure .
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face .
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face .
A young woman is laying in the sun with her face covered by a purple scarf .
A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck .
A woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building .
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building .
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench .
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A boy in yellow shorts kicks a soccer ball in a basketball court .
A little boy in orange shorts and flip-flops plays soccer on a basketball court .
A young boy kicks a ball in an outdoor court .
Buy in orange shorts and flip flops plays with soccer ball .
Little boy kicking pink soccer ball on a basketball court .
A man and a woman at the waterfront .
A woman and a man is standing beside water in front of buildings .
A woman holding a black leash and a man looking down .
A woman wearing a scarf looks down .
A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down .
A hang glider high in the air with a few clouds in the blue sky .
A person is flying with a yellow parachute above a green building .
A yellow parasail is in the air .
Hang glider floating through the air above many green trees .
Kite flying high in the sky with sky rider .
A guy is rock climbing .
A man is rock climbing .
A man rock climbing .
A young man in a blue short-sleeved shirt climbs up a rock face with no ropes .
There is a man in a light shirt climbing a rocky cliff .
A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log that is outstretched over a stream of water .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans poses by large mossy rocks .
A man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest .
A man is sitting on rock ledges .
a man lying in the middle of a hug rock
A man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation .
a black dog plays in the water .
A black dog 's head rises above some water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
Drenched black Labrador in the water .
The black dog 's head is poking up out of the water .
A child in winter gear is posing while a crowd of people sit and stand behind her .
A young girl dancing .
a young girl stands on one leg .
Closeup of little girl dancing
The little blond haired girl in a grey sweatshirt dances at a park with people seated behind her .
A big , brown dog running through the water
A brown dog running through a pond .
A dog plays in water .
The brown dog splashes through the water .
The dog is swimming .
A girl dancing with four boys watching .
A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree
A group of teenagers stand in a park .
Teenagers socializing in the shade .
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree .
A dog walks down the dirt road as a person follows .
A tan dog walks ahead of a man in a dry area .
A white dog is going for a walk through the desert with its owner .
A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
Dog in desert area with distant man in background .
A brown dog carrying a stick .
A brown dog runs on the sand carrying a stick .
A brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick .
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in its mouth .
The dog is playing with the stick on the beach .
a little baby standing in front of a colorful merry-go-round
A little boy is watching a merry-go-round .
A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion .
A tow-headed boy looks on at the children 's merry-go-round .
Small child looking at a colorful children 's amuseument ride .
A little girl is sitting on the counter dangling one foot in the sink whilst holding a dish jet washer .
A little girl plays with a faucet .
A little girl wearing sunglasses puts her feet into the kitchen sink .
A young , barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink .
A young girl wearing red sunglasses sits near a sink and holds the faucet .
A man climbing a rock .
A man is rock climbing at sunset .
A man is scaling a large boulder at dusk .
a man scales the large rock .
Climber scaling rock at night .
A boy poses in karate form and uniform .
A small child in a karate uniform is punching .
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .
A young boy practicing martial arts .
The young child is standing in a martial arts pose .
Two people are on a very small boat on the water with big trees in the background .
Two people are riding in a canoe near a forest .
Two people are rowing a canoe through the water .
Two people in a boat paddle their way past large trees .
Two people row a boat .
A group of people rowing a boat .
a group of people rowing a large rowboat in the lake .
A skull of rowers on a lake .
A team paddles their long boat through the water with trees behind .
Many people ride in a canoe near a forest .
Two black dogs are jumping in waves at the beach
Two black dogs play in the waves at the beach .
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach .
Two dog are playing the waves at a beach .
Two dogs are running around in the water .
A man in a red shirt climbs a rock in the background , a tree in the foreground .
A person climbing a boulder behind a tree .
A person climbs a big rock under a tree .
A person jumping in a rock and treefilled area .
The boy in the red shirt climbs a large rock .
A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree .
A boy wearing brown running in dirt .
a dirty boy runs through the dirt .
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .
A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country .
Two little boys are playing on a playground .
Two little boys lounge at a park , one sitting on a swing .
Two toddler boys look onward from the playground .
two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
Two young boys with playground equipment
A child reaches for a bar .
A little boy in navy blue reaching up for a bar on a playground .
a little child reaches for a bar .
Boy reaches above head for blue pole .
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area , another child in background .
A man is paddling a kayak on water beside a large rock face .
A man is rowing a canoe in a body of water .
A man rows a boat against a night sky .
A person canoeing on water with a black background .
A person rowing in their boat in the water .
Children on tricycles .
Children riding tricycles on the pavement .
Little kids are lined up to race in a tricycle race .
Two children ride tricycles in a race .
Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner .
A girl in a red t-shirt is sitting on rock above the clouds .
A girl sits on the side of a large mountain with one leg hanging off .
A woman in a red shirt is sitting on the edge of a cliff .
A woman in red is sitting on the edge of a steep rock .
A woman in a red shirt is sitting on the edge of a high cliff .
A brown dog wading into a marshy pond .
A dog on the edge of a body of water .
A dog walking into a lake with reeds in the background
A dog wearing a blue leash walks into a body of water .
A large brown dog leans into the water from the grassy shore .
A blonde woman is standing in the middle of a field of tall pink flowers .
A blonde woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips , in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance .
A woman sitting in a field of flowers
A woman standing among a bunch of pink flowers , with a little shack in the back .
The blonde woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips , near a grassy field and trees .
A black and brown dog trying to catch a blue ball .
A dog chasing a ball .
A dog jumps for the blue tennis ball .
Large brown dog jumps for blue ball
The German shepherd dog is trying to catch a blue ball .
Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night .
Three lean , numbered , greyhounds race along a track .
Two Greyhounds racing at night
Two horses are right alongside each other in the race .
White , black , and brown greyhounds racing in numbered shirts .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
A group of four children dancing in a backyard .
Four children , out in a yard , leap into the air .
Four kids are jumping around and playing outside .
Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair .
Two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken .
A little boy wearing an orange shirt and white shorts jumps barefoot on a plastic jumper on top of the green grass .
A young boy in a red shirt plays on a mini-trampoline in a grassy field
Boy wearing a red shirt standing on a plastic object and holding a yellow toy shovel .
Boy with yellow toy in hand , jumps on a toy on green grass .
Young boy bouncing off a trampoline .
A boy enjoys puddle jumping on the big yellow dot .
A boy is jumping on yellow spots that are painted on the floor of a water fountain .
A person in the air above a water spout in the blue and yellow floor .
A small child is chasing water squirts in a fountain .
Young child jumping in the air .
A dog chases a smaller dog .
A large dog is running on the grass .
A larger brown dog is chasing a smaller grey dog on the grass .
A large tan dog runs after a small tan dog on a grassy yard .
A small dog stops in its tracks to look at the big dog chasing it .
The girls smile at the camera .
three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
three young african-american girls smile for the camera .
Three young black girls posing for the camera .
Three young girls wearing white dresses smile at the camera .
A man on a motorcycle going around a corner .
a man rides a green motorcycle around a corner
A man with a blue helmet leans into a sharp turn on his motorcycle .
A motorcyclist on a number 52 bike leans in for a sharp turn .
The number 52 motorcyclist in a blue and black helmet is going around a corner .
A doberman bites a large blue ball .
A doberman biting a blue ball on a grassy surface .
A doberman puppy is trying to put a very large blue rubber ball in this mouth
A large black and brown dog tries to bite a large blue ball .
The dog tries to bite a big blue ball .
Two children with chocolate around their mouths are pulling funny faces .
Two girls are making funny faces and one has food smeared on her face around her mouth .
Two girls with chocolate mouths
Two little brown haired girls are grinning and squinting their eyes .
Two little girls , one with chocolate on her face , make faces .
A man is kneeling next to a tripod and a feild of tulips .
A man is taking photographs of a large garden of white and orange tulips .
A man photographing tulips .
A man takes pictures of white and yellow tulips .
A photographer eyes his next subject in a garden of tulips .
A black dog is shaking water off his body .
A dog on a leash shakes while in some water .
A dog splashes in the murky water .
A dog standing in shallow water on a red leash .
Black dog in the water shaking the water off of him .
A young girl is in a teal colored netted skirt and wearing a shirt with a peace sign .
A young girl smiles while wearing a teal fluffy skirt .
a young girl wearing blue smiles .
The little girl is running and laughing .
The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu .
A homeless man holds up a sign begging for money for beer , pot and a hooker .
A man holds a sign outside a hotel that reads " Ok Ok Ok , I need money for beer , pot and a hooker . "
A man in Seattle holds a sign begging for money .
A scrubby looking man in a black sweatshirt holding a sign .
The man is asking for money .
a dog running on the beach
A dog runs across sand .
A dog walks on the beach .
A skinny brown dog runs across the wet sand with his mouth open .
The dog is running through the wet sand .
Two bums are sitting on a sidewalk outside a Peace Mission in Portland Oregon .
Two homeless men sitting next to a building with a shopping cart .
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores .
Two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings .
Two people are sitting against a building near shopping carts .
A blond dog jumps in the air on the grass .
A medium sized brown dog jumping
A muscular dog is walking on very short grass .
A tan dog is prancing over grass .
Brown dog looks mean while running
The two white dogs are playing in a field .
Two little dogs run in the field .
Two white dogs running
Two white dogs running in the grass together .
Two white dogs run through the grass .
Two boys are walking down a tree lined dirt path .
Two children walking away , down a path surrounded by trees .
Two children walking down a forest path .
Two children walking down a path in the woods .
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods .
A brown dog is standing in a lake .
A brown dog is swimming in a creek .
A dog swimming in a pond
Dog swimming in body of water
The brown dog is swimming in the water .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
A dog lays under a table being sniffed by another dog .
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture .
One dog sniffs another lying on the ground .
There is a dog laying on the floor and another standing over him , licking his ear .
A man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track .
A man on a red crotch rocket .
A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie .
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air .
The red motorcycle pulls a wheelie on the racetrack .
A tan dog and a cream colored dog run through grasslands .
A white dog and a brown dog running across a grassy field .
Two dogs bound across the grass .
two skinny dogs are running towards camera across a grassy field .
Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass .
A brown haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees .
An Asian girl is smiling whilst standing in font of some green bushes .
An asian woman with brown hair wearing a green jacket .
A young woman stands in front of some shrubs .
Young brunette woman smiling in front of bushes .
A man in a white t-shirt is standing outside on a busy street .
A man stands on a busy street with buildings and shops in the background .
A picture of a young man in front of some interesting buildings .
Man poses on street corner .
Man with white shirt and green shorts poses for a picture .
A man fiddles with a shopping bag outside near a shopping cart .
A man gathers his belongings by the side of a building .
A man in a black cap is opening a bag beside a bicycle and a shopping cart .
A man looks in a bag near some grocery carts and a bike .
A man outside at a red brick building with a grocery cart , a bike , and miscellaneous .
A man plays fetch with his big black dog just out of the woods .
A man prepares to throw a stick intended for a black dog in front of him to fetch .
A man throwing a stick for his black and tan dog .
man throwing stick and dog watching
The man in the black jacket is throwing a stick for the dog to chase .
Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench .
Three little girls are sitting on a purple bench and making funny faces .
Three little girls make silly faces on a wooden swing in an over saturated photo .
Three young girls are sitting on a bench swing in a park .
Three young girls pose together outside .
A boy walks through a dusty rocky yard with a bicycle tire on his shoulder .
A small child is carrying a large hoop .
A small child is holding a tire over his shoulder .
A very small boy carries a bicycle tire on his shoulder .
A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road .
a black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog .
A brown cow jumps near a black one as a dog herds them .
Dog chasing brown cow and black cow
A couple kisses .
a couple kisses on a busy sidewalk .
A couple kisses on the busy street .
A man and a woman with a purse on her shoulder kissing each other while standing in a crowd .
The couple embrace on the street .
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool .
A little boy in red trunks plays in a kiddie pool .
A little boy is jumping into an outdoor kiddie pool
A little boy jumps into a child 's pool in a backyard .
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit jumps into a blue kiddie pool .
A black dog is running fast on green grass .
A black dog is running in the grass .
A black dog is running in the yard
A black dog is standing on the grass .
A black dog runs and , focusing on something .
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival .
A group of people walk through a carnival .
People standing outside at a carnival .
People walk outside of a building that has many murals painted on it .
Several people are in a front of a colorful painted building .
A man dressed in a purple shirt and red bandanna smiles at the people watching him .
A man on the street wearing leather chaps and a chainmail codpiece .
A man wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps poses for the camera .
Man dressed in leather chaps and purple shirt stands in front of onlookers
There is a man in a purple shirt , leather chaps and a red bandanna , standing near other men .
A group of people in front of a house .
A man in stripes , a woman in sunglasses , and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building .
A woman in sunglasses and a blue flowered shirt stands while a boy and a man sit nearby .
A woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left .
Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building , perhaps a school .
a camel carries two peoples stuff .
a couple of people in the desert walking in front of a large tan camel
A woman , child , and camel with supplies walking near a tree .
camel standing next to tree in desert carrying water
Two people stand by a camel with containers strapped to him .
A bride and groom look at each other in a goofy picture .
A bridge is talking to the groom and he scratches his head .
A formally dressed couple , she with her mouth open , stand next to each other .
A groom and a bride with a strapless dress .
A man in a black suit knocks his head with his fist as he puts his arm around a woman in a white strapless dress .
A man in a hat and sunglasses reads a book on a park bench .
A man in c camouflage cap and jeans is sitting on a bench reading a book .
A man is sitting on a bench and reading a book .
A man on a park bench reads a novel .
A man wearing a camouflage hat and sunglasses reading a book on a black metal bench .
A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures .
A group of people gathered for a meeting .
A group of people sits outside a building .
people gather in front of building for speech
Several people are gathered on the steps in front of a brick building .
A black and white dog , a black dog and an orange dog are in the grass .
A black dog , a golden dog and a black and white dog are running in a park .
Dogs running and playing in a grassy area .
There are three dogs running in the grass with trees behind them .
Three dogs at the park .
A black and white dog looks at a man about to throw something .
A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean .
A man playing with his dog on a beach
A man with a toy in his hand on a beach playing with his dog .
Man on rocky beach playing with black and white dog .
A boy is at a playground on a pole .
A boy spins on a park playground .
A child slides down a pole on a playground .
a kid playing in the playground
A little boy sits and spins on a playground .
A cream colored dog runs through green grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A recently adopted mixed breed medium sized dog bounds happily around the yard .
A yellow dog running across a lawn .
A yellow dog runs through the grass .
A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a green Frisbee .
A black and white dog jumps high to get a green Frisbee .
A dog catching a Frisbee in front of a red building .
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee .
The dog jumps up to catch the Frisbee .
a black and white dog jumping in the air while balancing a gold soccer ball on its nose
a black dog balances a soccer ball on its nose .
A black dog holds a beat up soccer ball in his mouth on the grass in front of a home .
A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball .
A dog plays with a soccer ball .
A woman practicing shooting her gun at a shooting range .
A woman shoots at target practice .
A woman wearing ear protection is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range .
A young woman shoots a gun at a target .
Girl in pink shirt fires at the target at a firing range .
A man is standing at edge of a pond , with two dogs and is throwing a branch is water .
A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it .
A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch .
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
Someone is at the water 's edge with two dogs .
A Lay 's potato chip truck at the end of a path and two people walking .
A woman has her arm around a man and they are walking towards a potato chip truck .
A woman in a tank top checks out the trailer decorated with potato chips .
Two people are walking towards a lays truck .
Two people walk toward a potato chip truck .
A boy flying a red and white kite .
A boy is flying a kite and smiling at the camera .
A child flying a kite .
A little boy is flying a kite high up in the air .
Boy flying a distant kite .
A daschund with an open mouth appears to bark at a bubble making machine in the grass .
A dog trying to catch bubbles from a bubble machine in the grass .
a small brown dog in the grass trying to catch bubbles
A small brown dog playing with bubbles in grass .
A wiener dog bites at bubbles made by a bubble blowing machine .
a tan dog jumping through the field with some barren trees in the background
A tan dog runs through the brush .
A white dog runs on brown grass .
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field .
The light colored dog is running through a field .
A girl jumping over a jump rope .
A girl wearing pink shoes jumps over a rope and smiles .
A girl wearing shorts plays jump rope .
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .
A small girl with brown hair and a big smile is jumping rope .
three children in a field with white flowers
Three children , one with a stuffed kitten , in a field of flowers .
three children play in the garden .
Three children pose among wildflowers .
Three kids palying with a toy cat in a garden .
A brown dog in a blue collar is chasing a green ball through mulch .
A dog chases a ball through dirt .
A dog is running towards a ball to catch it .
A white dog wearing a blue collar runs for a green ball .
The dog is running after a ball and stirring up dust .
A black dog and a grey dog run on the beach .
a black dog and a white dog are running across a sandy beach by the ocean .
A black dog is chasing another dog along the beach .
Two dogs are running on sand along the body of water
Two dogs are running on the beach along the water .
A woman wearing a straw hat and floral skirt is sitting on cement stairs with her head in her hands .
A woman with a straw hat is sitting on steps outdoors .
The girl wearing the straw hat is sitting on the concrete steps .
The woman sits on the steps outside .
The woman wearing a dress and hat , sits on the steps , with her head on her hands .
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
A brown dog is attempting to catch a Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown dog is trying to catch a Frisbee .
A brown dog squating on grass .
The brown dog is leaping to catch a Frisbee .
A young boy splashes in the pool .
a young man wearing swimming goggles jumping up oout of the pool
Two children play in an inflatable pool .
Two kids play in a pool .
Two smiling boys with goggles on play in an inflatable swimming pool with water up to their waists .
a golden dog with a blue object in its mouth stands next to another golden dog in front of a green fence in a grassy field .
A heavily scarred pitbull attempts to take a playtoy from another pitbull .
The two tan dogs greet each other in the green grass .
Two dogs in a grassy park playing .
Two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass .
A brown dog is running on the grass .
A brown dog is running very fast with his tongue out .
A brown dog running through the grass .
A brown dog runs on the grass .
A brown dog runs through the grass .
A boy crawling through a cement pipeline
A boy in a tube
A young boy dressed in a black hoodie crawling through a large , white tube .
A young boy is crawling through a white tube .
Boy crawling through a cement tunnel .
A boy slides down a slide with his legs apart .
A little boy sliding down a slide while laughing .
A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass .
Child in a blue hoodie and shorts is sliding down a slide .
The boy is sliding down a metal slide .
A child on a swing .
A girl is swinging on an object that is red with blue rope in a well-kept field .
A girl smiling at the camera from a rope swing .
A young girl dressed in black swings around on a rope with red ball at end .
A young girl wearing a pink hat swinging on a swing set .
Children wearing helmets ride horses in a ring .
Kids are riding horses in a ring .
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence .
Two children wear helmets and ride horses over the sand inside a fenced area .
Two young girls are riding horses within a white fence .
A black and white dog is running along a blue board .
a black and white dog running down a blue ramp with his mouth open .
A black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
a black dog runs on a platform .
A dog walks across a tall ladder .
A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
A dog jumping over a barrier on a course
A dog , jumping over a trace obstacle , a woman watching in the back .
A dog leaps of a dog jump .
A German shepherd is jumping over three striped bars in a competition .
Dog running and jumping high bars .
A boy pushing another boy on the swing .
A little boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is pushing the swing that a little boy in a red shirt and blue shorts is sitting in .
One boy pushes another on a swing .
one boy wearing a red shirt riding on a swing while another boy wearing a blue shirt pushing him .
One young boy pushing another young boy on a swing .
A boat sailing past the rising sun .
A sailboat in the water .
A sailboat in the water at sunrise .
A ship sails in a blue sea .
The old looking ship is sailing at sunset
A man and a dog stand atop a black ashy mountain range .
A man and a dog stand on a black rocky mountain .
A man taking a picture of a dog on a dune .
A man with a camera and a dog on a mound of gravel .
The dog is standing on top of the rocks next to a man taking a photograph .
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow .
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
Two dogs chase each other across the snowy ground .
Two dogs play together in the snow .
Two dogs running through a low lying body of water .
A small , white dog is in the kitchen jumping in front of the counter .
A white dog tries to climb on the countertop .
A white dog tries to jump on the counter .
A white dog with orange ribbons is jumping up to see a countertop .
White dog with orange bows on ears leaps to reach kitchen counter .
A man is walking next to a wall with " Where are you ? " painted on it .
A man walking reads a wall asking " Where are you ? " .
A man walks under a bridge and reads grafitti that reads " WHERE ARE YOU " ?
A man with a cigerette walks past graffitti which says " Where are you ? "
People walking through a short tunnel with " Where are you ? " written on the wall .
A boy goes down a blue slide with his eyes closed .
A young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches , smiling .
A young male child slides down a blue slide while his mom watches .
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide .
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide , smiling woman in background .
A black dog in a red harness jumping .
A black dog springs up into a pool .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water .
Black dog running while man looks on .
A little boy is putting some cutout letters on the wall .
A small child is playing with cut-outs of the letter " P. "
A toddler sticks paper " P " letters to a wood paneled wall .
The child is sticking paper letters to a wooden wall .
Toddler in pajamas plays with paper cutouts of the letter " P " .
A boy poses on a shadow-dappled lawn .
A boy running through green grass .
A child runs through the grass .
A young child in a white shirt is standing in a field of green grass
The boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees .
A crowd of children .
A large crowd of girls are all wearing green skirts and white tank tops .
a large group of young people all dressed in white tops and green bottoms
Boys and girls at a party .
Middle school aged kids are showing their school spirit at a pep ralley .
A black dog in a yard with a green object in its mouth .
A dog catching a toy in its mouth .
The black dog catches something green in its mouth .
The black dog in front of the tree has a green toy in its mouth .
There is a black dog catching a green toy in its mouth .
A beige dog with his tongue out is leaping in the air above the grass .
A big tan dog runs through a grass field with his tongue hanging .
A brown dog runs through a field .
a tan dog running through a grassy field with trees in the background
Large dog running in the field .
A little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from .
A little girl is holding up a yellow water hose and water is pouring out and the big brown dog is drinking the water .
A young girl holds a running water hose , from which a brown dog next to her is drinking .
the dog is drinking the water being squirted from the hose by the little girl .
The little girl is holding a yellow hose for a brown dog .
A dog in a yellow jersey is running a race .
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6 .
A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track .
A muzzled race dog running
A race dog is running for first
Two individuals sit on a park bench .
Two people in chairs reading .
Two people in lawn chairs reading books .
Two people with brown hair , sitting on chairs and huddled over book , near flowers .
Two women on green chairs are looking at a book .
The three girls have pillows .
Three children are on a rug pretending to play instruments .
Three children play together and act like celebrities with their props .
Three girls pretend to be rock musicans in a posh living room .
Three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home .
A man holding a sign with people walking around in the background .
A man in an old suit holding up a protest sign in a crowd of people .
A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event .
A man stands near a crowd holding a protest sign .
Man with tan cap , suit jacket and plaid shirt behind a picture in an outdoor scene with other people in the background .
A black dog carries a toy on the grass .
A black dog is carrying a black stick in the grass .
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A black dog plays with a toy on the grass .
The dog is walking with a toy .
a couple people running through a large sidewalk fountain
A young boy is running through a water fountain .
Children are under a large fountain in the city .
Child runs through city fountain
Some children run through a fountain .
A boy jumps from a swing set .
A child is jumping from a swing and is in midair .
A child jumping out of a swing toward a target placed on the ground .
A child jumps off a swing and flies toward a landing pad .
A child jumps off of a swing while it is in motion .
A guy in a yellow shirt with a bike gets very high in the air .
A man in midair holding his bike 's handlebars
A man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is doing a trick high in the air with his bike .
Man holding onto bike handlebars while in midair .
A boy getting ready as the man wearing all black straps him into a black harness to climb the wall .
A man and a boy preparing to go up a climbing wall .
A man holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .
A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall .
A young boy is getting harnessed and ready to climb a manmade rock wall .
A blue car drives down a mostly dirt road .
A blue race car on an off road track
Blue car on a small road with men in the background and a res car on a slightly higher road .
Blue race car driving down narrow road
Bright blue car going down a dirt road , as onlookers watch .
A couple sitting together while the man eats corn .
A female wearing yellow and a man eating a corn with a big crowd of people behind them .
A man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman .
A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt .
A woman in yellow sitting next to a man with a cob of corn .
A boy holds a picture over his head .
A boy in a long sleeve shirt is holding a box above his head .
A boy is inside holding something on top of his head .
A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head .
a young boy with a samll cardboard box atop his head .
A person eats noodles .
A young boy eats noodles with large utensils .
A young boy wearing a gray shirt eats pasta .
Boy sticks huge pile of spaghetti in mouth .
kid eating pasta
A cricketer is laying on the ground between the wicket and the ball .
A man is lying on the ground , laughing , during a ball game .
A man playing cricket closely inspects a shot .
Guy playing cricket lying on the grass
The cricket player just misses catching the ball .
A cricket batsman swinging
A man playing cricket
A man wearing a baseball uniform swings back with a large bat .
A man wearing white clothes playing cricket .
The baseball player holds up his bat ready to swing .
A dog and his owner at a rocky beach .
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
A man and dog on a rocky seashore .
A person is walking their brown dog over large rocks near the ocean .
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
a climber is climbing a rock face above a mattress that is lying on the ground below .
A man climbs a rock .
A man is climbing a rocky mountain .
A man is on his back in a rocky cave .
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation .
A lady holds a little boy while another little boy smiles at them .
An older lady holds a toddler while another boy watches .
a white woman in a green sweater holds a smiling child whilst a smiling boy in a yellow shirt looks on .
A woman holds a baby while a boy sits next to her smiling .
A woman holds a baby while another child looks on .
A girl in a red and white dress is playing with hula hoops .
a girl in a red skirt with some hula hoops
A little girl hula hoops with multiple colorful hoops .
A little girl in a long red skirt is hula hooping with four brightly colored hula hoops .
The small girl in the red skirt played with the hula hoops .
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance .
A race car , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures .
A silver and blue rally car is passing two spectators who are standing at the roadside .
Blue and silver car going around curve being watched by people standing in grass
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch .
A black dog is swimming through the water .
A black dog swimming .
A black dog swimming in water .
A black lab swims , with only its head above the water .
The drenched dog is swimming .
A brown and white dog , wearing a collar , is moving through some water .
A brown and white dog with a collar wading in a river .
A dog is in the water .
A dog standing in water .
A dog swims through the water .
A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner .
A male doing a bicycle trick in midair .
A man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike .
A trick cyclist takes air .
The man is performing a trick off a ramp with a bicycle .
a dog having fun with a tennis ball
A dog on the beach has a ball in its mouth .
A small dog is playing with a ball on the sand .
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach .
Small dog catching a ball in its mouth on a beach .
a man climbs large rocks .
A man in dark clothes appears to be climbing rocks .
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock .
A man rock climbs .
This picture depicts looking up at a rock climber .
A brown and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A dog with his front paws off the ground holds a white Frisbee in his mouth in an RV campground .
A white and brown dog jumps up for a white Frisbee .
Dog catching Frisbee .
The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth .
A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench .
A girl in a ponytail sitting at the dge of a wooden bench , grass and flowers before her .
A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass
A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day
A young woman sits on a bench .
soldiers 2 and civillians sitting on a bench at a busstop
A man and a woman are waiting for a train , ignoring each other .
A man in blue jeans sits on a bench near a woman in green pants with a red and white bus behind them .
Five people are sitting on benches waiting for the bus .
Two people wait on a bench .
A man in a safety suit training a police German Shephard .
A man trains a dog to attack .
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .
A man wearing pads on his limbs is being bitten by a dog .
A man with a quilted glove is bitten by a dog .
A dog is near three farm animals with horns outside .
A dog prepares to heard three sheep with horns .
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background .
Sheep cluster together in a field while a dog is nearby .
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .
A boy in a yellow uniform carrying a football is blocking another boy in a blue uniform .
A football player in a yellow jersey is pushing away another player .
The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled .
Two boys playing football on opposing teams .
Two young football players wearing blue and yellow uniforms fight for the ball .
A group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs .
The men shake hands while another man and dogs look on .
The three men and three dogs floated in the yellow boat .
Three men in team uniforms are surrounding a yellow dog in a boat .
two men huddle around a dog .
A boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole .
A boy wearing a Scottish kilt holding a large stick
A child is holding a rod while standing on a bridge near a grassy area .
A little boy in a kilt is fishing with a stick .
A young girl dressed in a uniform is holding a very long stick .
A girl in a white dress on the beach .
A girl in a white dress walks toward the water and away from white boots on a beach .
A girl walking on a beach barefoot .
A little girl in white leaves her boots behind as she walks in the sand .
A woman in a white dress walks toward the water on a beach with white boots in the foreground .
A black and white rally car takes the turn .
A global group race car .
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby .
The black and white race car is rounding the turn .
The race car is speeding up the hill .
A brown and white dog playing with black dog .
Two dogs look at one another outside .
two dogs playing
two small dogs playing with each other in the grass
Two small dogs run across the green grass .
Two brown dogs play rough on green grass .
Two dogs play
Two tan colored dogs are roughhousing outdoors .
Two tan dogs play on the grass near the wall .
Two yellow dogs play-fighting .
A boy splashes into a pool , ejected from a water slide .
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide .
A child makes a splash in the pool as he emerges from the water chute .
A girl splashes in the water near a big blue water slide .
One blue and one green water slide .
A white car racing in the dirt and water
A white race car drives through a puddle .
A white race car makes a splash through a wet track .
A white race car splashes through a puddle on a dirt road
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air as it approaches a bend in the track .
A race car drives through a dirt-covered racetrack .
A red car emitting smoke while on a paved track .
A red race car pulls off the track smoking .
A red race car travels down a road marked with red and white striped ribbons .
A red rally car taking a slippery turn in a race .
A yellow car is driving away from the water .
A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people .
A yellow race car is driving through water on the race course .
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch .
A yellow race car in a curve , with smoke behind it .
A darked skinned male is standing on one palm in front of a yellow building .
a man break dances .
A man holding himself with one arm i front of a store .
A young man jumps on a table .
This black man appears to be break dancing on the pavement .
Basketball player has fallen on the court while another grabs at the ball from out of frame .
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court .
Two basketball players , one on the floor , struggle to gain possession of a basketball .
Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball , one falling to the floor .
Two men in uniforms playing basketball , struggle for the ball .
A girl sticks out her tongue on a bench .
A little girl in a blue dress sitting on a park bench , sticking out her tongue .
a little girl sticking her tongue out in a bench
The little girl in the blue dress is sitting on a wooden bench .
The little girl is sitting on an old bench and making a face
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean .
A man stands on the edge of a cliff overhanging the ocean .
A man stands on the overhang of a cliff .
Man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water the sky and water are blue and meet at the horizon .
A boy in a green striped top is running barefoot through the sand .
A boy runs through the sand .
A boy wearing a striped shirt runs barefoot in the sandy hill .
A young boy in a stripped shirt running down a sand dune .
The youngster enjoys playing in the sand .
A group of 5 girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture .
A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph .
A group of school girls are standing together while one is taking pictures .
A group of young women stand together .
Girls in school uniforms .
A little girl dressed in pink swings on a swing
a young girl rides a rubber horse .
A young girl wearing pink rides a swing and smiles .
Little girl in pink is on a ride .
The girl in pink smiles as she rides on a black swing .
A woman in a headscarf stands by a garden of white flowers .
A woman in a head wrap is standing behind a tree and some beautiful white flowers .
A woman in a white headscarf sits near white flowers .
A woman wearing a headscarf is near many tulips .
a woman wearing a scarf over her hair in the distance behind some flowers .
A lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her .
An elderly woman collects recyclable trash .
A woman searching for cans in the trash to put in her grocery cart .
a woman with a shopping cart is rummaging through a trashcan .
Bag lady going through the trash .
a lone blue and white race car about to cross the finish line
A race car is observed by the crowd .
A white and blue car is on the street .
Spectators watching white and blue race car passing by .
The blue and white car is in the road , with onlookers nearby .
A race car blows smoke while it drives .
A race car drives on a track while several people watch from behind rope .
A race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch .
A sponsored race car is spinning its tires on a track while being watched by spectators .
Onlookers watch a white stock car that has smoke coming out of the back .
A boy in a bathing suit stands in water .
A little boy stands in a creek on a sunny day .
a toddler wearing colorful shorts is standing in the water .
A wet child standing in water .
Little boy knee-deep in water .
a group of band members doing a routine
A group of girls , in white skirts and green tops , walk in a circle carrying rifles in front of a drum line .
A marching band performing .
A marching band performs in an auditorium
Some marching band members in green and white outfits .
A girl jumps over the grass tufts on a sandy area near the sea .
A girl running through uneven sand with some withered grass .
A girl wearing a jacket and scarf is playing on the beach .
A little girl is jumping down a sandy hill .
A small girl wearing a green shirt jumping off a grassy , sandy hill with a black scarf in her hand .
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass .
A single tan-and-white dog dashes through tall green grass .
A small brown and white dog running through tall grass .
A small dog runs through a grassy field .
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass .
A girl and boy bounce on large balls .
A little boy and girl bounce on red and blue balls in the yard on grass .
Two children are bouncing on their toys behind a gated housing complex .
Two children are hopping on inflatable balls .
Two kids bouncing on balls in the yard
A girl in a red sweater runs on the grass .
A little girl in a red coat runs in the green grass toward the pavement .
a young girl wearing a red shirt and a white skirt running through the grass .
The girl with a red coat is walking across the grass .
The little girl wearing a red shirt is walking through the grass .
A girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
A little boy chases a little girl who is driving a red toy jeep .
A little girl rides a toy car while her brother walks behind .
A little girl with black sunglasses drives a 4x4 red Jeep while a little boy stands in the background dressed in blue .
A young boy in blue is chasing a young girl sitting in a play car .
A baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
A child is playing on a slip and slide game in the grass .
A child is splashing in a children 's pool while other children are playing in the background
A child playing in an inflatable pool .
A small child is sliding down a slip 'n' slide .
Two boys rollerblading .
Two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk .
Two men are rollerblading down a sidewalk .
Two men are rollerskating on a sidewalk
Two men , one wearing a green shirt , the other wearing red are rollerblading .
A security man guards the door as another one brings his items off .
A subway worker stands next to a car with several garbage bags inside .
Someone is pulling a big black bag onto a subway .
There is a bum getting out of a subway car .
Trash spills out of a subway door .
A baby leans down to pet a white dog beside its mouth .
A small child and a small white dog .
A small child bends down to touch a white dog .
A toddler is petting the little white dog .
a young noy plays with a dog .
A girl in a dress runs followed by a man in jeans .
A man and a little girl are running on a walkway .
A man chases a little girl in a flowery dress down a paved trail .
A man chasing a young girl wearing a red white and blue skirt .
Man in maroon shirt running behind a running girl wearing a red , white and blue tutu .
A person standing on the sidewalk near a large gathering of people at a tent .
A woman is holding a drink in front of a white tent .
A woman stands holding an orange cup in front of a crowd .
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event .
Woman standing with a drink in her hand next to a tent .
A girl on a pink scooter pushes herself down a subdivsion sidewalk .
A girl riding a scooter on a sidewalk .
A small child rides down the sidewalk on a scooter in a neighborhood .
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk .
The small child with a red helmet rides a scooter on a sidewalk .
A group of kids look out of a fence .
A group of kids stares through a fence at some type of animal .
Children look through a fence .
Five children and two adults standing side by side looking at animals in a cage .
Several children lined up at and looking through a fence .
A male topless rock climber is climbing a rock face whilst attached to a safety harness .
A man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope .
A shirtless man rock climbs .
Shirtless man climbs a steep rock face .
The man in boarding shorts is rock climbing with a red rope .
a family takes a ride on a yellow boat .
A group of people sitting in a boat talking .
People enjoy time on boat .
Several people are on a white boat .
There are seven people on a yellow and white boat .
A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction .
Pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy , wooded field .
People are walking around a park area .
People meandering around in a grassy area with trees .
Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field .
A group of people stand outside at night talking .
A group of people stand on a balcony at nighttime .
Four guys are standing by a white fence , one of them holding a Frisbee .
Four men and one female stand near a rail at night .
People stand and talk .
A man and woman are sitting on concrete stairs .
A man and woman sit on cement stairs outside of a store .
A woman in a red business suit sits on a step sharing food with a man in a leather jacket .
a woman wearing a pink jacket sitting on a staircase with a man wearing a grey hat sitting a few steps behind .
The woman wearing the pink blazer is talking to the man wearing the golf cap .
A brown dog splashing through water .
A dog is running through a pond
a dog pounces into the water .
The large brown dog is running through shallow water .
There is a chocolate brown dog running in water .
A couple ride bikes next to an orange fence by the ocean .
A man and a woman ride bikes on the boardwalk .
A middle aged man and woman ride bikes down a road beside the water .
An older man and woman ride bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
Man and woman riding bikes on paved , fenced path near ocean .
A little boy walks with a woman wearing red in a wheelchair .
a toddler in a green and yellow jersey is being followed by a wheelchair bound woman in a red sweater past a wooden bench .
A woman in a wheelchair and a toddler at a park .
A woman in a wheelchair and orange sweater follows a young boy in a park .
A woman in a wheelchair follows a young boy at a park .
A blonde haired boy is at the bottom of a slide .
A child laying on their stomach at the bottom of a slide looks up .
A child on a red slide .
A little girl sliding on her belly down a slide .
A young boy smiles at the bottom of the slide .
Girls playing in a sand playground .
Two girls play in a sand box .
Two little girls are sitting in a sandpit next to a row of sand castles .
Two little girls make sandcastles in a sandbox .
Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand .
A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle .
a woman is running beside a dog that is jumping over a red and white obedience training fence .
A woman next to a dog which is running an obstacle course .
A woman walking with a Sheltie through a competition obstacle course .
The dog is jumping over the hurdles beside a woman .
A black and brown dog stands on a roof .
A black dog at the top of a red incline .
A dog has his paw on the red roof of a kennel .
A dog jumps over the top of an obstacle .
A dog leaps onto the red roof of the doghouse .
A child in a red shirt and hat enjoys a tire-shaped swing at the playground .
A child rides a swing .
A girl in a red shirt is on a tire swing .
A small child riding on a ring swing .
A young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing .
A large white dog is playing with a large stick .
A white dog lays on green grass while chewing on a stick .
A white dog wearing a leash laying down and chewing on the end of a stick .
A white dog with a collar and leash is about to chew on a stick .
The white dog is lying on the grass and chewing a piece of wood .
A beige and dark brown dog plays in the swimming pool with his mouth open .
a black and white dog trying to bite a stream of water
a dog is making a splash in a blue paddling pool .
A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth .
A dog playing in some water .
A black man with gray hair half sitting half laying on a street floor .
A man lies on the ground outside a building .
A man sits outside a building .
Man slumped in front of building
The dark skinned man is laying in a doorway next to a metal pipe .
A little boy with a blue shirt is wearing a helmet and riding a two wheeled bike .
a young boy rides a purple bike .
A young child is riding a purple bike .
A young child rides a small purple bike while wearing a red helmet .
A young child wearing a bike helmet rides a two wheel bike .
A child wearing a red shirt and blue Crocs shoes runs toward the camera .
a girl in red runs across the grass .
A girl with a red shirt is running in the grass .
A young child with a red shirt is running in the grass
There is a young child with a red shirt with a skull and crossbones on it .
A boy plays with a car .
Boy playing with a truck .
The baby in suspenders sits by a toy .
The little boy with the big brown eyes is touching the little car .
The toddler in suspenders plays with a truck .
A black dog runs in a grassy yard while a woman dressed in green watches from in fton of a tan house .
A black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes
A dog and master play in a grassy residential backyard .
A man is watching his dog in his yard .
A woman and a dog standing in the grass .
A black and white dog hopes a toy is thrown his way after a gray and white one receives one .
A black and white dog near a grey and white dog on beige carpet .
Two big dogs play in a room in a house .
two dogs are on the carpet in front of a cardboard box .
Two dogs in a house playing with toys .
A black dog is running along the beach .
A black dog running on a beach .
A black dog running on the beach
A dog walking away at the beach .
A large , black dog is running in the sand on the beach .
a girl in a yellow dress is standing on the pavement outside a store .
A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .
A girl in yellow dress near a restaurant .
A little girl in a yellow dress is standing in front of a restaurant .
A young girl wearing a yellow dress , gray pants and flip flops is standing in front of a restaurant .
A black dog is walking along the grass sniffing at the ground .
A black dog running in the grass .
A dog sniffs the grass .
Black dog on grass , sniffing the ground .
Black dog with tan markings wearing a blue collar standing on green grass .
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow .
a dog pounces on the grass .
The dog is running after the bull .
The large brown dog is playing in the grass with a brown cow .
Two dogs outside on green grass .
A black and white dog is playing with a large brown cow .
A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog .
A dog is herding a bucking cow .
A small and gray dog chases a large bull who is jumping away from it .
a small dog chasing after a bucking cow
A boy celebrating with paint on his face and clothing .
Boy covered in finger paint .
Closeup of young boy with his face and body painted .
The boy has orange paint on him .
The boy wearing orange face paint is carrying a toy fish in around his next .
A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee .
A man in a yellow sweater catching a Frisbee .
A man throwing a Frisbee .
A man wearing a yellow jacket throws a yellow Frisbee .
The man is standing near a stone monument and throwing a yellow Frisbee .
A man in a bright yellow jacket is wearing a helmet .
A man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet .
A pony-tailed man in a yellow jacket is wearing a bicycle helmet .
The man has on a yellow jacket and a white helmet .
The man with the ponytail and helmet looks on .
A child wearing swim goggles .
A small child wears goggles near a pool .
A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool .
A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool .
The little child is wearing blue goggles .
People lighting sparklers .
The children play with sparklers at night .
Three children look down at a sparkler firework .
Three children playing with sparklers .
three children play with sparklers .
A brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket
A dog is bringing a little soccer ball onto a human bed .
A dog is on the bed holding a toy soccer ball .
A dog jumps on bed covered in pink , with hopes of playing with the ball in its mouth
Blonde Scottish Terrier with ball in mouth standing on blanket
People laying in massage chairs
Three people are enjoying vibrating massage chairs .
Three people recline in massage chairs .
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs .
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .
A black guy in a apron grilling cornstalks .
A chef prepares roasted corn .
A man in an apron grilling corn .
A man is cooking corn in a restaurant .
A man with an apron cooks husks of corn .
A man with a denim hat and white beard gives a thumbs up .
A man with a gray beard and denim hat gives a thumbs up sign with his hand .
An old man with a white-haired beard and a blue cap gives a thumbs-up sign with his right hand .
Man with white beard and glasses gives a thumbs up .
The elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up .
A man eating an apple , sitting in public .
A man sits in a public place eating an apple .
A man sits on a bench and eats an apple .
A man sitting on a ledge eating an apple .
The man has curly brown hair , is eating an apple , and wearing a black shirt .
The three children are standing on and by a fence .
Three boys are standing in a row along an upraised wall and rail , each a level higher than the one before .
Three children stand on or near a fence .
Three little boys , one wearing a cowboy hat look over a fence .
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence .
A black and tan dog is carrying a light blue ball near a fence .
A black and white dog is walking with a blue Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog runs on concrete holding a blue ball .
The dog has a blue ball in its mouth .
The large dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful toy in its mouth .
a boy falls off his red bike .
A boy has fallen off of his bike onto the pavement .
A boy lays on the pavement after falling off his bike .
A young boy falls off his bike .
a young boy lying in the street with a red bike over him
A black dog and a brown and white dog are playing with a stick in the water .
Two dogs are swimming in water whist carrying a stick .
Two dogs both have the same stick in their mouth while they are swimming .
Two dogs , one black the other brown and white , swim with a stick .
Two dogs swimming .
a brown dog jumping into the beach
A dog at the beach jumping into the water , with a rock breaker in the background .
A dog jumping into the water .
A large brown dog is jumping into the ocean .
Dog jumping in the sea .
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .
Two little girls wear dresses and bonnets next to a snake .
Two young girls wearing blue and turquoise dresses and bonnets are walking beside a tree .
Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree .
two young girls wearing bonnets standing by a tree watching a snake nearby .
A black dog crosses a puddle of water with a ball in its mouth while a brown dog looks the other way .
A black dog runs through water carrying a ball in its mouth whilst a brown dog looks away .
A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .
Two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .
a couple walking a white dog down a paved street
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .
A man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants .
A man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .
The man is walking a white dog with one hand whilst resting his other hand on the shoulder of the woman with the pink backpack .
A boy climbing a rocky area .
A boy climbs rocks in the woods .
A boy climbs up some rocks .
A young boy wearing a white hat is climbing rocks .
The boy is wearing a hat .
a kayaker tumbles over .
Kayaker is in rough water .
Kayaker tips his kayak in the white water rapids .
Man in yellow kayak falls in the rapids .
Someone is kayaking in a yellow kayak over choppy waters .
a climber is between two large red rocks .
A man squeezes between two rock formations .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and white hardhat stands inside a crevice between two rock faces .
A rock climber standing in a crevasse .
The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place .
A motorcycle races .
A motorcycle rider in a white helmet leans into a curve on a rural road .
A motorcycle rider making a turn .
Someone on a motorcycle leaning into a turn .
There is a professional motorcyclist turning a corner .
A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure .
A child in a yellow shirt and blue jeans climbs through a red playground tunnel .
A girl climbs through a red plastic tunnel on a playground .
a girl climbs up a red slide .
Child climbs the inside of a red slide .
A girl holds onto a rope above the water .
A girl wearing a harness is lifted out of the water .
A person attached to a harness is being dragged through the water .
A person in a harness is hanging above water making a spray with their feet .
A person on a pulley is dragged across water .
A beige , white and black little dog is bounding towards the camera from the street onto the green grass .
A dog is running along the grass .
A multicolor puppy running on the lawn beside a road .
A puppy running along a street .
A small dog is running on the grass beside the road .
A black and brown dog is running on the beach .
A brown and black dog walks along a rocky beach .
A dog running on the beach .
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
A wet German Shepherd runs along the waves on a beach .
Three children are playing soccer in the sand .
Three people kicking a ball in the sand .
Three people playing with a red ball in a large sandy area with a tree in the background .
three people play soccer in the sand .
Two boys and a girl kick a ball in a sandy field .
A boy in a robe sits in a chair .
A little dark-haired boy on a chair in his white bathrobe .
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera .
There is a little boy sitting in a chair .
a boy swings on the swing .
A little boy in a striped shirt laying on his belly on a swing .
A young blond boy swings nearly upside down in his chair swing .
A young boy tilted forward in a child 's swing .
Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .
Two brown and white dogs are next to each other with red toys in their mouths .
two bulldogs running togerther in the grass with their tongue 's hanging out .
Two dogs running through grass next to a street .
Two dogs running up a grassy hill .
Two dogs run up a hill with their tongues out .
A brown dog is running through tall green grass .
A brown dog running in field of long green grass .
A brown shorthaired dog runs through high grass .
A golden dog runs through a field of tall grass .
A lean dog playing in tall grass .
A blonde girl and two American flags
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area .
A girl wearing glasses behind two American flags .
A girl with glasses next red white and blue flags .
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags .
A goalie is guarding the goal .
Kids in helmets play hockey outside .
Several players playing a game of hockey outside on the road .
Some children play hockey outside .
Two children play street hockey in front of a goal .
A brown dog is jumping through a field .
a brown dog jumps over the grass .
A tan dog jumps and runs in a field .
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass .
The tan dog in a black collar runs across a field .
A group of boys in swim gear is playing in a field surrounded by trees .
Boys in shorts jump and play outside
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
Three kids throwing water balloons .
Three young boys play outside .
Greyhounds take a corner at a race .
Three dogs are competing in a dog race .
Three dogs racing madly around a racetrack .
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .
Three dogs running on a racetrack .
a man stands outside a bank selling watermelons .
A man with a red Shriner hat is looking at watermelons in front of a bank .
Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank .
The man is looking at watermelons for sale outside of a bank .
There is a man , wearing a funny hat , standing in front of a bank .
A girl does the backstroke in the pool .
A swimmer does the backstroke in a swimming pool .
A swimmer in a dark blue suit swimming backstroke .
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool .
The girl wearing pink goggles is in the swimming pool doing the backstroke .
A boy in a yellow shirt is walking on a beach holding a surfboard .
A boy in a yellow shirt walks with his surfboard out of the ocean .
a little boy at the beach with a surfboard
A young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard .
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
A beagle is playing in the grass .
A beagle walks down a grassy hill .
A black and brown dog walks down a dirt and grass hill .
A young beagle playing in the grass .
Basset hound on a grassy slope .
A group of people are flying colorful kites near a beautiful snow-capped mountain range .
Bright kites are being flown with a mountain background .
People flying their kites in an open field
Several people are flying kites , with mountains in the background .
Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range .
A dog with its mouth opened .
Brown and white dog yawning .
Close-up of dog in profile with mouth open .
Dog yawns
The dog 's mouth is open like he is yawning .
A black dog standing in the water .
a black dog wearing a red collar is standing in a stream with its tongue out .
A black dog with a red collar stands outside with his paws in water .
A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .
Black dog stands in river .
A female swimmer comes up for air .
A girl in water , with goggles and swimming cap .
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath .
A swimmer wearing goggles and white cap is in the pool .
Swimmer wearing goggles , in water .
A girl is jumping in the air while holding an orange and white guitar .
A girl with a guitar .
A young barefooted girl leaps in the air while playing a toy guitar .
A young girl jumping with a Guitar Hero guitar
A young girl jumps while playing a red and white guitar .
A man holds a ball in the air for a brown dog to catch on the beach .
A man in jeans plays with a white and brown dog at the beach .
A man playing with a ball toy with his brown dog .
A man plays with his dog , making him jump for food .
a man with a stick and ball is playing with his dog at the beach
A thin girl in black smokes a cigarette .
A woman dressed in black and white smokes a cigarette in a grassy area .
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette .
The woman in the black coat is standing with a cigarette in her hand .
Women wearing black standing and smoking .
A black dog soaked in liquid jumping to the grass .
A brown and black dog jumping out of a pond .
A dark dog jumps out of the water and onto the grass .
A dog playing in water .
A wet brown dog is jumping from some water onto the grass
A girl bounces in a harness with a building in the background .
A girl in a harness and cords for jumping .
A girl in a rope harness is suspended in the air in front of a building .
Girl hangs up in midair by two bungee cords .
Girl on swing in front of building .
A baby sits on an empty beach under a big , blue sky .
A toddler sits on a sandy beach .
Baby sitting at a beach .
The baby sits on the sand in the front of the scene while the ocean is in the distance .
The baby sits on the sandy beach .
A man in a hooded jacket sits alone on a park bench .
A man in a purple jacket is sitting on a wooden bench with a large tree to his left .
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti .
A man sitting on a bench between a tree and a bush .
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park .
The dogs are walking in the desert .
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass .
Two dogs playing outside .
two dogs run across dry ground .
Two dogs walking along dirt path .
a boy in an orange jersey is about to pitch a baseball .
A boy in an orange " Spring Hill " ball team uniform , pitching the ball .
A little boy in orange pitching at a baseball game .
A young boy in an orange uniform is pitching a baseball during a game .
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball .
A boy in a pool wearing Spiderman floaties .
a boy with spiderman armbands is in the swimming pool by the wall at the edge .
A boy with spiderman swimming is in a pool .
A young boy wearing Spider-Man water-wings at the edge of the pool .
The boy is in the swimming pool .
A teenage girl and little girl play on pink toy .
A woman and a girl are swinging on a red swing
A woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on .
Children on a red and yellow swing set .
Two kids playing on playground equipment .
A dog leaps over a man in a white cap to catch and orange Frisbee .
A dog leaps over a man to catch a disc .
A man wearing sunglasses kneels with one knee on the ground looks up to see a dog in the air catching an orange Frisbee .
Dog jumps over owner to catch smilely faced Frisbee , while spectators in the park watch
Several people are standing and sitting on a grassy field watching a dog jump over a man to catch an orange Frisbee .
A brown and white dog is running across the grass .
A brown and white dog is running in a grassy park like setting .
A brown dog is running across a low cut field of grass with another dog and onlookers nearby .
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .
a dog runs across the grass .
A boy in black is sitting on a wall near the beach .
A little boy sits on concrete wall by the ocean .
A small child sitting on a ledge near a beach .
a young boy sits by the beach .
a young boy wearing a spiderman shirt sitting on a wall next to the beach .
A man sits in a wheelchair as a woman pushes him .
A woman is pushing a man in a wheelchair toward the camera on a brick street while other people are passing behind them .
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair in a European courtyard .
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair ; in the background is an arch .
A woman pushing a man in a wheelchair outside .
A couple walking down the street .
A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk .
A man and a woman walking down a city street
A man and woman stand on the sidewalk of a busy street .
People are walking through a crowded street .
A little boy playing in a water spout .
A little boy plays outdoors in water spurting up from an inground fountain .
a small boy plays in the sprinkler .
A young boy plays in the fountains shooting up from the ground .
Boy plays in outdoor water sprays .
One black dog and one brown and white dog are running in the water .
The two dogs are running through the water side by side .
Two dogs run in the water .
Two dogs running in the surf .
Two dogs running side by side in water .
A brown dog is running in the grass between obstacles on a course
A dog runs through the grass .
A light brown dog running through an obstacle course .
A red furred dog runs on an obstacle course .
a small dog plays in the grass .
A bearded man laying on his back under a large tree .
A grey bearded man is sleeping under a tree .
A man laying in the grass under a tree .
A well dressed man with a cane and a beard , sleeping under a tree in a park .
A white haired man lays down his cane and hat and rests next to a tree .
A boy in a swimsuit sitting on top of a circular fountain .
A boy is perched on a mushroom shaped fountain .
A boy next to the opening of a fountain .
A crowd watches from the background as a young male sits atop a round shaped water fountain .
A girl kneels on a round fountain that sprays water into the air .
A boy is rock climbing .
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
a young boy climbs the rock wall .
A young child climbs an indoor rock climbing wall .
A young kid cin orange climbs a rock climbing wall .
A black animal or two are in the water .
A black dog plays around in water .
An animal with black fur splashing about in relatively deep water .
The three black dogs are swimming very close to each other .
Three black dogs retrieving an item from a body of water .
A man gazes over the rail in the peaceful early morning .
A man looks out at the water under a bridge and against a skyline .
A man looks over a railing into the water .
Man leaning on railing with lampost behind him
Man with white undershirt and blue pants standing at fence with red top rail near a bridge .
A black and white dog is playing or fighting with a brown dog in grass .
A brown dog runs in a field with a black and white dog .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
Two dogs are running and barking at each other .
Two dogs face each other in a field
Two people walk black dogs on leashes over the grass .
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
Two women lead black dogs around at an outdoor dog show .
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show .
Women walk dogs in a circular pattern over grassy terrain .
A boy gets ready to shoot a basketball .
a boy is holding a basketball up in front of a white house .
A boy looking intently , holding a blue basketball , a white house in the background .
A man is shooting a blue basketball .
A youn man in front of a white house holding blue and red basketball .
Two dogs racing across the water toward a beach .
Two dogs run in the shallow water at the beach .
Two dogs running in shallow water .
Two dogs running in water by a beach .
Two dogs run through shallow water in a bay .
A barefoot jogger in a park .
A man jogs on green grass with bare feet .
A man running barefoot on the grass .
A man runs shoeless on green lawn
The barefoot man in shorts and a green and white top , is running through a park .
The two gray dogs are trying to get a red object .
Two dogs try to get an orange toy .
Two gray puppies are chewing on a plastic red toy .
two grey dogs fighting over a red toy .
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field .
Two boys show off their stained , blue tongues .
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues .
Two kids are sticking their blue and green colored tongues out .
Two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps have their blue-tinted tongues stuck out .
Two young boys wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out .
The dogs are behind the fence .
Three dogs are behind a rusty fence as one barks .
Two dogs are in a fence and one is barking .
Two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence .
two dogs bark behind a fence .
A child in a grey jacket is running along a leafy path .
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves .
A young child runs outside amidst fall leaves .
A young child walks among fallen leaves .
The child plays among the leaves in the autumn .
A man is standing beside a large , colorful birdcage containing birds .
A man posing in front of a bird cage .
A man standing next to a bird cage
The man in the black sweater is standing next to a green bird in a birdcage .
The man is standing next to a bird cage .
A child in a swing .
A little girl in a yellow outfit sitting in a blue , yellow and red swing .
A toddler with blue eyes sits in a blue swing with grass in the background .
Blue-eyed baby in toddler swing .
The small child is sitting in a red playground swing .
The three dogs ran in the yard .
three dogs are running across the grass near to a blue industrial building .
Three dogs are running in a field .
Three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind .
Three dogs that are different shades of brown and white are running in a field .
A man crouching down on some rocks in the ocean .
A man in a green shirt climbing on rocks while water rushes over them at night .
A man is standing on some rocks while waves lap around him .
Man crouching on rocks by the ocean shore
The man is leaning on rocks close to water .
A little girl dressed in a blue one piece is doing gymnastics .
A rear view of a little girl in a leotard jumping on a trampoline .
A young girl is in midair doing gymnastics .
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air .
A young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air .
A light colored dog runs on a narrow path .
A pale dog runs down a path .
A white dog is running down a path between bushes .
A white dog rushes down a dirt path surrounded by grass and trees .
Yellow dog running through bushes on path .
A black dog splashes through greenish water .
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek .
A brown dog walks through a shallow stream .
A greenish dog runs through the water by several large rocks .
The dog walks in the shallow water .
a large woman stands in the street .
A woman in a white shirt standing on a street
A woman stands on a street .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
The woman sips her drink on the sidewalk .
A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls .
Four people in a dimmly lit room with pictures all over the walls and two bright lights are engaging in conversations .
People gathered in an artist 's studio .
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery .
Some people are mingling in a room that has photographs all over the walls .
A black dog chases a brown dog with a stick through the water .
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth .
two dogs playing in the water with a stick
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water .
Two dogs running through the water with a stick .
A baby in blue pants is sitting on a red slide .
A little boy in a blue jumper is playing on a red plastic toy that looks like a slide .
A small baby boy sitting on a slide .
A small child wearing light blue overalls sits on a red slide .
A toddler in a light blue overall sits at the top of a red plastic slide .
A girl making a sad face standing in front of her tricycle
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A little girl with mud on her face cries .
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child 's bike is in the background .
The girl in a pink top is standing next to a red tricycle looking like she is about to cry .
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path .
A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail .
A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods .
Biker riding through the forest .
The person in the red is on a bike .
Four men are standing outside in front of a fence .
Four people are looking through a fence .
People are standing next to a chain link fence .
Several men are watching something through a fence .
Young men looking through a fence .
a man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right
A man falls off his horse on a racetrack .
A person is kneeling between two horses
A rodeo contestent being drug between two horses .
Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse .
A dog is running through a park
A little white dog runs outside , their ears blown back in the wind .
A small white dog running .
A white dog running through the grass .
A white dog with a collar is running .
A boy mountain bikes down a trail .
A dirt biker goes down a dirt hill .
A person rides his mountain bike down a steep hill in the woods .
A person with a helmet is riding a bike i the grass and dirt .
The man races his bike down the hill .
Many people riding a hanging roller coaster .
People are upside-down on a roller coaster .
People hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop .
The roller coaster is going through a twist , turning the people upside down .
This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .
A group of people riding a roller coaster upside down .
A group of people riding a yellow roller coaster .
Many people on a roller coaster ride are flipped upside down over a white track .
People ride upside-down on a roller coaster .
There are multiple people going over a loop on an inverted roller coaster .
A dog is a body of water .
A dog running through the water .
A dog swimming .
This dog is jumping through the water .
Wet dog jumping in water
A little girl is holding a cellphone up to her ear .
A little girl is talking on a cellphone on the floor of a living room .
A little girl listens to a cellphone .
A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear .
A young girl is talking on a cellphone .
A boy in a party hat splashes in the water .
A boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle .
A little boy in blue is playing in a stream .
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
A young kid is jumping in a puddle .
A group of people are standing in a line looking off in different directions .
A group of people are standing together on the pavement .
A group of people stand in a loose line on a brick ground .
A group of people stand in a line on the concrete tiles .
The people are waiting in line .
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets .
A naked man rides a bike .
Naked people riding bikes .
The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked .
Three naked people ride bicycles in a city street while law enforcement and a crowd looks on .
A sheepdog barks at a cow .
A small dog barks at a brown and white cow .
a small dog is barking into a cow 's ear .
A small grey dog is in the grass with a brown cow .
The little dog is going after the bull .
A dog flies through the air , preparing to catch a ball .
A small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball .
A white dog jumping after a flying yellow ball .
The small dog is playing with a large ball on the grass .
White dog in midair next to a large yellow ball .
A boy poses for the camera at a party .
A child is having a good time at the wedding reception .
A child stands in front of a dancing wedding party .
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .
The child has his mouth open and is surrounded by adults dancing .
A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white , curly haired puppy .
A spotted dog butting a white dog with his head .
A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing .
Two dogs are playing together .
Two dogs play with one another on the lawn .
A brown dog jumps high in the grass .
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass .
a brown dog jumps into the grass .
A dog is jumping in the air in a field of grass .
A red dog jumping up in a field of tall grass .
A group of cars parked on a hill
A group of off road vehicles parked together high in the mountains .
A group of vehicles are parked on a hill in the fall .
A line of off-road vehicles is parked on the hill outside a wooded area .
Many cars parked on a mountain .
A dog is wading through deep water while holding a stick .
A white and brown dog is carrying a stick in the water .
A white dog with a brown spot over one eye in a pool of blue water with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog with brown spots on his face with a stick in his mouth swimming in water .
The white dog brings a stick from the water .
A little boy blows bubbles , which are held by a young woman
A little boy with brown curly hair is blowing bubbles with a wand held by a girl .
A small boy blows bubbles through a wand held by his mother .
A woman holding a bubble wand for the child to blow bubbles from .
A woman holds a bubble wand while a toddler blows bubbles .
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city .
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square .
A small boy in yellow rides a bike very fast on a brick road .
A small child wearing yellow rides his yellow bike in a city center .
Little boy riding yellow bicycle in a lightly crowded plaza .
A black dog fetches a dead bird .
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth .
A black dog is holding a bird in his mouth .
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth .
A black dog retrieves a bird .
A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air .
A girl in white pants and a blue tank top jumps .
An equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard .
A young woman photographed mid-jump , in a fenced area .
The girl is wearing a blue shirt and jumping in the air .
A big tan wet dog in shallow water .
A brown dog gets wet in the water .
A brown dog walks through natural water .
A soaking wet dog walks across a stream .
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake
Three boys , dressed in blue and orange , are smiling and using hand signals .
Three children are laughing and playing together
Three young boys dressed in an orange and navy shirt are smiling and doing signs with their fingers .
Three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile .
Three young boys wearing school uniforms pose and smile for the camera .
A girl in a white dress runs down a country road .
a girl walks on a dirt street .
A little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in America .
A woman in a white dress is walking along a long straight road .
A young girl with a white dress walks down a dirt road with trees and fields on both sides of the road .
A man pulling a small child out of a ball pit
A man removes a boy from a ball pit while two other children and another man watch .
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit .
Children playing in a ball pit .
two men are watching three children playing in a ball pit full of colored balls .
a man about to throw a tennis ball to a brown dog in the grass
A man gets ready to throw a ball for a dog .
a man gets ready to throw a tennis ball for his dog .
A man has a yellow ball on a red stick .
The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch .
A female tennis player in a purple top and black skirt swings her racquet .
A female tennis player prepairing to serve the ball .
A woman in a purple tank top holds a tennis racket , extends an arm upward , and looks up .
A woman wearing a purple shirt and holding a tennis racket in her hand is looking up .
Girl is waiting for the ball to come down as she plays tennis .
Two boys in denim play with hula hoops
Two boys play with a hula hoop in the yard .
Two children are playing in the yard and one has hula hoops around him .
Two children with hula-hoops .
Two young boys playing with hula-hoops .
A little boy takes a picture at the park .
A young boy is looking through binoculars at a playground .
A young boy wearing a blue and red hat is using a camera near a swing set .
Little boy takes photos outside .
The little boy is taking a picture with the camera .
A black man drinking out of a paper cup .
A black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup .
A man wearing a hat leans against a bench and holds a cup .
A man with a soft drink poses for the camera with a park in the background .
an african american man holds his soda .
Two dogs are running around on dead grass and sand with green grass in the background .
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand .
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach .
Two dogs run toward each other .
Two dogs run towards each other on a marshy area .
Two children are having a sack race .
Two children jumping in potato sacks .
Two girls are hopping in burlap sacks across a field in front of a fence around a tennis court .
Two girls are in a sack race .
Two girls hopping in potato sacks
A black and white dog is walking on a beach .
A black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach .
A black and white dog walks on a beach .
A dog with black and white spots walks on the beach , looking behind itself .
Black and white dog , walking on beach and looking back .
A child holding a dress that another child is looking at .
A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it .
A little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine .
Two girls holding a dress and looking at the ground
Two girls holding up a dress at an event .
A little girl in an orange shirt is inside a corrugated metal tunnel .
A little girl wearing an orange halloween shirt with long blond hair and blue eyes crawls through a tunnel .
a young long girl climbing through a tunnel .
Small girl in tunnel .
The beautiful young girl goes through the tube .
A brown dog is wanting food from a plate held by a person .
A brown dog looking at a plate with food , someone 's hand taking from it .
A brown dog resting his head on the lap of a person who is eating some food .
A dog 's head is in the lap of a person eating off a small plate .
The brown dog with the red collar is staring at the plate of food .
a brown and black dog walking on the beach
A fluffy dog walks along the sandy beach .
A medium sized dog on a beach
Dog walking on the beach by the ocean .
One brown and black dog standing in the sand at the beach .
A little girl in pink shorts runs on a lawn .
A little girl runs through the yard .
Asian girl with white tank top and pink shorts running through grass .
A young girl waring pink shorts runs through grass .
The Asian girl is running across the grass .
A girl dressed in blue enjoys a blue treat while putting her white shoe back on .
A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy .
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .
Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand .
The girl in a blue dress is eating some blue cotton candy with one shoe off and one shoe on .
A smaller white dog and large shepherd playing near two people .
A small white dog is playing with a bigger brown dog in the woods .
Two dogs are interacting in a wooded area while people stand around .
Two dogs fighting in a forest , with the legs of two men in jeans in the background
Two dogs trying to bite each other .
A skateboarder jumps off his skateboard in midair in hopes of landing back on it .
A teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard .
A young man is flipping a skateboard during a trick .
a young skateboarder doing tricks in the air
The man is performing a trick on a skateboard near onlookers .
Little kids walk with their backpacks outside of a market .
The boy in a yellow shirt is walking behind two people and also is passing by a statue .
Three asian children with backpacks walking down a brick street .
Young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of Buddha
Young boys with backpacks walking down a street .
A boy with an orange shirt smiles , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
A little boy in a tan hat on the ground of a play area .
A smiling boy in an orange shirt with a safari hat sits at the playground , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
Two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .
A little boy with a dirty face lays on a colorful rug .
A little boy with a messy face sitting on a colorful blanket .
little boy in red shirt and gray shorts with messy face
The little boy is laying back relaxing on the colorful blanket .
There is a little boy in a red shirt and a dirty face and he is smiling .
A little girl in a rain puddle .
A little girl is walking in a puddle of rain water in a hole in the road .
A little girl stands in a puddle of water in the middle of the street .
A little girl stands in a puddle on the concrete , shrowded in darkness .
A little girl stands in a puddle outside .
A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it .
One dog is jumping up at another dog in a grassy field .
The two tan colored dogs are in a field , and one is jumping in the air .
Two brown dogs in a field .
Two brown dogs play with one another in the field .
a groupe of three walk the street .
A man , woman , and child stand outside looking serious and waiting for something .
An Asian man , woman , and child are standing on a sidewalk .
three asian people standing on a sidewalk with a street scene in the background
Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk .
A black dog jumping from a dock into water .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog jumping off of a dock .
A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond .
A large black dog is jumping off a pier into a pond .
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .
a girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path .
A little girl in a pink cowgirl hat and blue cast over her arm , is walking a sheep .
A young girl wearing a pink cowboy hat holding a sheep on a leash .
The girl is wearing a pink cowgirl hat and pink boots .
Two boys playing in the surf on the beach .
two boys play in the ocean .
Two boys stand in the surf .
Two kids play in shallow waves against a brilliant blue sky .
Two young boys are in the water .
A woman helping a toddler to swim in a pool .
A woman in a white swim cap teaches a toddler how to swim in a swimming pool .
A woman is holding a boy in a swimming pool .
A woman wearing a white swim holds a small boy in the swimming pool .
Woman teaching young boy how to swim .
A tan dog and a black dog are biting each other in the face .
A tan dog and a black dog fight .
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other .
Two dogs bite each other while playing around .
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other 's mouths .
A boy in a yellow life vest jumping into a pool
A little boy in a life jacket jumping into a pool .
A little boy jumps into the swimming pool .
Goggled boy jumping into the pool .
The little boy in a yellow life jacket and goggles jumps into the pool .
Four children are playing in a grassy field .
Four children are playing together outside .
Four children are running and playing tag .
Group of children play in rural area
Three boys and one girl in a muddy grass field .
A woman floats with her face out of water in a pool with another woman nearby posing for the camera .
Two children are smiling for picture being taken of them in a swimming pool .
Two children relaxing by the pool .
Two girls in a swimming pool .
Two smiling children in a swimming pool .
A boy and a girl at the beach , throwing sand .
a boy flings sand at a girl .
A boy with an orange tool on the shore is spraying a girl standing in shallow water with mud .
Boy flings mud at girl
The young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond .
A boy goes down a slide .
A boy wearing a t-shirt with the American flag , goes down a slide with his arms flung out .
A smiling boy goes down a brown slide .
Boy sliding down the slide with outstretched arms .
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide .
A boy in shorts kneeling on a tile courtyard , arms outstreached .
A boy with a short haircut and a blue shirt gestures happily to someone out of frame .
A child kneels and raises his arms .
A little boy is posing on a stone wall outside .
A small boy is kneeling on a step with his hands in the air .
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
A little girl and boy play Frisbee together in a grassy area .
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A young boy and girl playing .
Two children playing in a field .
A dog bites a cat whiel they lay on a bed together .
A white dog biting an orange cat on the bed , pillows behind .
A white dog biting at an orange cat .
A white dog in a red collar biting an orange tabby cat on a bed .
White dog biting orange cat .
a tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet .
A woman in an orange shirt and white skirt hits a tennis ball with a racket .
A woman in a red shirt , white hat , and white shirts is playing tennis .
A woman swings at a tennis ball .
Female tennis player on grass prepares a two handed backhand .
Two blond girls are playing together .
Two girls enjoy themselves whilst wind blows through their hair .
Two girls with long hair jumping on a trampoline .
Two little blonde girls twirl their hair .
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline .
A black dog paddles behind a black cat in a body of water .
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .
Two black dogs are dog paddling in a sparkling blue pool .
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool .
Two dogs swimming in a pool .
A boy in a plaid shirt blowing bubbles with a yellow bubble wand .
A boy in over-alls blowing bubbles in a field .
A boy in overalls blows bubbles .
A young boy blows bubbles on a grassy lawn .
Little boy in plaid shirt blows bubbles outdoors .
a boy in a green shirt is pushing a shopping cart in which a boy in a yellow shirt is riding .
An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .
One boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it .
Two boys play with a shopping cart in a parking lot .
Two small boys play in a shopping cart in a parking lot .
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day .
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean , with several waves coming in .
A red dog stands in a rocky shore , its feet in the sea .
The brown dog is in the waving water .
The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet .
Brown and black dogs playing water .
The two dogs are in the murky water
Two dogs in a stream .
Two dogs stand chest deep in water , next to a stick .
Two dogs wearing collars stand outdoors in water up to their chests .
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
Two dogs are running in a grassy field .
Two dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run on a field .
Two dogs run and bark outdoors , one white and brown , one white and black .
Two lean dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run together .
two brown dogs playing some water
Two brown dogs play in shallow water
Two brown dogs play in the water .
Two dogs ankle-deep in water .
Two dogs in shallow water .
A child is holding up a camera in front of its face .
A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a Canon camera .
The child holds up a big camera to take a photo .
The child is holding a camera up close .
The person is holding a Canon camera .
A family jumps into a blow up raft in their living room .
a group of young children playing on a plastic boat inside a house
Children are playing in a raft inside of a house .
Some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft
Two parents and a young girl blow up a raft .
A fluffy black and grey dog in the grass .
A gray dog is in grass .
A gray fuzzy haired dog has its nose in the low cut grass it is standing in .
A small , fluffy , grey dog is in the green grass .
The black and white animal is in the grass .
Two ladies are wearing nothing except body paint and riding on bicycles in a street fair .
Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road .
Two painted women ride bicycles on the street with onlookers nearby .
Two woman wearing body paint ride bikes through a crowd .
Two women in costume ride bikes .
A naked woman covered in mud in front of a crowd
A naked woman covered in paint
A topless woman is covered in mud .
Naked woman covered in mud in crowd
Topless woman smeared with brown substance , blurry crowd in background .
A couple in a restaurant are holding hands .
A couple holding hands across a table .
A couple is sitting in a restaurant holding hands .
A dimly lit room with several individuals including a young man and woman holding hands across a table .
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .
An oriental girl wearing a yellow apron and a stocking cap .
An oriental woman who is wearing a hat walks down the busy street .
A person wearing a yellow apron looking toward other people .
A person with a yellow apron walking .
A woman wearing a yellow apron and a knit hat walks among other pedestrians .
A black dog biting onto something is swimming in the beach .
A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean .
A dog with a Frisbee , swimming in a lake .
Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick .
A black dog and brown dog are running around in the sand .
A black dog plays with a brown dog on the sand .
A brown dog and a black dog in the sand .
Two dogs one black the other brown on a sandy ground the tan dog is behind the black dog .
two dogs playing on a sandy beach
A group of kids jumping into a swimming pool .
Five boys in the middle of the air about to jump into the pond .
Five young boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool at the same time .
Five young boys with only trunks on are jumping into a swimming pool
Kids jumping into the pool .
A female on a bike is wearing black wings , and a metal halo , while others walk by .
A girls in a strange outfit rides her bike .
A woman in a costume riding a bike .
A woman wearing a brown costume and fuzzy black wings is riding a bike
A woman wearing paint and costume pieces rides a bike on a busy street .
A group of boys is watching another boy walk away .
A group of boys with croquet equipment stands on a lawn .
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game .
Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment whie one boy starts to run .
Six pre-teen boys posing in front of an old building
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water .
A boy in white and red is at the beach .
A child playing in water .
A young boy wearing a white shirt is playing in the sea on a beach .
Boy running through the water at the beach
A car is parked in a graffiti filled street .
A graffiti defaced wall serves as the gathering of a few people nearby a car .
four people huddle against a wall .
Some adults stand by a wall covered in art graffiti at night .
Two people talk to a street person in front of wall of graffiti
A girl wearing a fairy costume rides a tricycle .
A girl wearing a fairy costume rides her tricycle
A small girl dressed in a green fairy costume is riding a big wheel bicycle .
A young , blonde girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle .
a young girl wearing a green fairy costume riding a bigwheels
A boy and a dog are running down a hill away from a crowd .
A boy and a dog run ahead of a group of people .
A group of children running down a hill .
a group of children running with a dog down a grassy hill .
A little boy and a dog run down a hill , behind them , a boy on a mini cycle and a shouting family .
A bunch of people on the beach at sunset .
Two people are walking towards a group of people on the beach at sunset .
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
Two people walking along the shore at sunset .
Two people walking on the beach at sunset .
A black man in a red shirt .
A man sits on a train with a suit and red shirt .
A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus .
black man in red shirt with tie sitting on a bus
The man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting on a bus by the window .
A child on an amusement park swing ride .
a lone swinger on a swing ride at the fair .
A person sits in a chair suspended by chains at an amusement park .
Kid rides high on fair swing .
Man is sitting in a swing on a carnival ride .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it .
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind .
Two brown and white dogs , one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass .
Two dogs are running through a field filled with logs .
Two dogs in harnesses running in tall grass .
A couple walking alongside a waterfront next to a city .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach .
People walking down trail beside water
The man in shorts and the woman with a dress are walking on the beachfront path .
Two dogs play in grass .
two dogs running in grass
Two pale dogs run in grass .
Two white dogs run on the grass next to a road .
Two white dogs run side by side in green grass .
A gymnast is bending over on a yellow mat on the grass .
A wrestler jumping and pointing at the mat .
a young wrestler being thrown to the yellow mat .
The person in the blue shorts is wearing black shoes with white stripes .
Wrestler jumping in the air .
A bunch of little kids are playing soccer .
Children play in a soccer game .
Little kids playing soccer
Little kids run toward the goal while playing soccer .
The children are running through the grass playing soccer .
Four women wearing energizer bunny ears point to an attraction .
Several women , wearing pink " Energizer " bunny ears , point to the right .
There are 4 women wearing pink Energizer bunny ears .
The women have pink bunny ears on their heads .
Women wearing bunny ears and race numbers point at something in the distance .
A black dog jumping from a wooden deck into a lake .
A black dog jumping off a dock into water .
A black dog jumps into the water off a dock .
A black dog jumps off of a pier into a lake .
The dog is leaping into the pond .
a lone person walking in the distance on a long beach .
A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
A person walks along the beach and leaves footprints in the sand .
A woman in a black dress is leaving footprints in the sand as she walks towards the ocean .
woman walking on sand leaving footprints
A baby sits on a tire and holds a toy .
A little kid , with a red toy , is sitting on a tire .
Boy in pajamas , with red and yellow toy , seated on tire near plants .
Child holding plastic car sits on a tire .
The child is sitting on the street playing with a red toy .
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face .
A person 's feet are sticking out from a small cave .
Rocks surround the feet of an adventurer , burrowing into an underground cave .
Someone is crawling under a large rock .
This man seems to be stuck beneath a rock and hard place .
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container .
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .
A dog is swimming in an above ground pool .
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .
The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool .
A girl is smiling at the camera with a crowd of people behind her .
A girl with long dark hair wearing a yellow and white shirt is smiling .
A young girl smiling for the camera .
A young smiling girl wearing yellow in a crowd .
Young girl posing with crowd in the background
A girl rides a swing while another girl watches .
A girl swings on a rope swing .
A little girl with a yellow shirt swings while a little girl in green watches .
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt swings on a tree rope .
The small girl is swinging on the rope
People sit near a fire outside .
Two men are sitting by a campfire .
Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night .
Two people sit around a large fire .
two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire .
A naked woman with her body painted .
A nude lady walks in front of a crowd in body paint .
A shirtless woman with paint on her face and mud on her body .
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud .
A young woman , topless except for paint or mud .
two brown and black dogs chasing a plastic bag through the grass .
Two dogs are chasing a soccer ball in front of a playground .
Two dogs chasing a plastic bag .
Two dogs chasing a toy in the air at the playground .
two dogs playing in a school yard
A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large , orange cones .
A homeless man standing in a construction site .
A homeless man stands with a sign next to orange construction cones .
A man holds a sign reading " HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS " near a construction site .
Stacks of orange safety cones in front of a man holding up a homeless sign .
A group of children looking at something off-camera .
Children watching something happen .
Several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces .
Three children sitting on the ground .
two girls sitting on ground
A child walking along side long legged birds .
A little boy and 4 turkeys walking
A small boy following 4 geese .
A small boy walks next to a group of four large birds .
A young boy walks down a road with four turkeys
a little girl swings on the swing .
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing .
A young smiling female on a swing .
The girl is happily swinging on a swing outside .
The girl swings .
A brown dog is soaked and is walking out of the water .
a dog walks out of the water .
a long brown haired dog walking through a river .
A very wet brown dog is emerging from the water .
A wet dog walks out of the water .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
Two guys are kayaking , one orange one blue , down a creek .
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water .
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
A man leads two cows down the dirt shoulder of a paved road .
A man walking his cow down the side of the road .
A man walks down the road leading a cow with no rider and another cow with a rider .
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .
Two men pull two cows down the road .
A dog in a grass field runs with a ball in its mouth .
A dog running across a field with a ball in its mouth .
A dog with a ball that is running in a field .
A little dog is bringing back a ball on an open grass field .
A long haired dog runs across a lawn with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A dog chases a deer into the woods .
A dog chases a deer on a field with yellow flowers .
A dog chasing a deer in a field of yellow flowers .
A dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers .
The dog chases a deer near the woods .
A girl swings a young boy near an arched doorway .
A girl swings her little brother around in a courtyard .
A woman swinging a boy in a circle .
A woman swings a boy around outside a building .
A young woman swings a young boy around by the hands .
A baby in a life jacket on a raft .
A baby is wearing an adult life jacket whilst sitting in a dinghy inside the house .
A happy baby wears an orange life vest .
A young kid wearing a life jacket
The toddler sits in the boat with a life jacket on indoors .
A white and a brown dog running through a grassy area .
Two dogs romp through a meadow of high grasses
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass .
Two dogs running through the grass .
Two dogs run through a field .
A race dog leaps a large stride as others follow behind .
Dogs wearing numbered jerseys running at a track .
The dogs run a race at the track .
The number four dog ahead of other dogs .
The racing dog with the " 4 " jersey surges ahead of the dog with the " 5 " jersey .
A guy riding a motorcycle on one wheel .
A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle .
A motorcyclist pops a wheelie .
A person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parkinglot .
Person doing a trick wheelie on a motorcycle .
A dog chases a ball .
A dog chases a tennis ball in a concrete courtyard .
A dog is running to catch a tennis ball .
A small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement .
The brown and white dog is chasing the ball .
A baby chews on plants .
a baby has some grass seeds in his mouth .
a baby sticking wheat grass into his mouth
A baby wearing green holds onto plants and puts them in its mouth .
Small child in green sweater with plant in mouth .
A woman dressed in black is striding outside on a grassy lawn with a leashed black and white dog while people in the background watch .
A woman in gray holding onto the black dog 's leash .
A woman marches with a pair of dogs .
A woman showing a long haired , large black pedigree dog at a dog show .
A woman shows a dog with very long hair at a dog show .
A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city .
A man jumping on a hill overlooking a town .
A man jumps off a cliff with a city view below .
A man leaping from a rocky hill .
A person jumping off of a high rock .
a boy swinging on a swing .
A boy swings in the air .
A boy wearing an orange shirt is playing on a swing .
A child in an orange shirt swings on a swing .
A child wearing an orange shirt , dark blue denim shorts and sandals rides on a swing .
A bare chested man with a fierce expression on his face squats on a skateboard beside a furry dog .
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
A man on a skateboard is squatting next to a large dog .
A man on a skateboard poses with a dog .
A man wearing no shirt rides a skateboard with a brown dog .
A man in a white hardhat is standing in front of a green truck .
A man wearing a hardhat stands in front of buildings not yet finished being built .
A worker looks off into the distance while a China Shipping crate sits behind him .
Man with hardhat in black jacket stands near a green trailer that says " CHINA SHIPPING " in a construction zone .
The man is standing on the street surounded by buildings .
A dog wearing a collar yawning .
A gray dog is yawning .
A grey dog in a white collar yawning with its eyes closed .
Dog with white collar yawning
The grey dog has its eyes closed .
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a horse .
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse .
A young boy rides a red horse .
a young boy wearing a cowboy hat and riding on a horse
Boy riding a horse .
A brightly colored bird and a small dog .
A colorful bird and a brown and white dog .
A dog looking at a ball that was thrown in the air above him and a colorful parrot standing nearby .
A little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby .
The dog behind the red parrot is looking at the green ball .
A small white dog sits in a field
A white and brown dog sitting in the grass .
A white and brown dog sitting on a grassy , rocky area .
A white dog sits on a rocky lawn .
The white dog is sitting in the grass .
A man in a red baseball cap eats a chip .
a man wearing a red hat has a potato chip in his mouth
A man wearing sunglasses and a red cap putting a chip in his mouth .
A man wearing sunglasses and a red hat is opening his mouth wide and eating a chip .
A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth .
A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance .
A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right .
A group of people wait behind a metal fence .
A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area .
A group of spectators enjoying an event .
A boy in a white shirt is looking through the glass at a little creature .
A child looks at rodents in a glass display .
A young boy looks through the glass at an aquarium at a stingray .
A young child is kneeling and looking at a small creature inside a glass case .
The little boy bends down to look at an animal .
A black dog chasing a red ball through the water .
A black dog makes a huge splash for a red ball .
A black dog splashing into the water to retrieve a red ball .
A dog makes a large splash in the water while chasing a red ball .
Dog splashing in water toward a red ball .
A man in a blue and fuchsia sweater holds his hands as if to catch something while standing in a crowd of people .
A man in a crowd extends his hands emphatically
A man in a crowd is expressing his opinion .
A man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly .
A man raises his hands from within a crowd of people .
A man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store .
A man in the store has purchased something and the cashier is handing him his bag .
A man is standing in the checkout line at a store .
a tattooed man is making a purchase in a music store .
Man standing at a check-out counter .
A guy talks and does something with his hand while others sit near him .
a young blond man sitting at a table with a brick wall in the background
A young man lights a lighter while another looks on .
Two guys at a bar one dark skinned and one light skinned .
Two men are sitting next to each other near to a vending machine .
A biker in red rides in the countryside .
A biker on a dirt path .
A person rides a bike off the top of a hill and is airborne .
A person riding a bmx bike on a dirt course .
The person on the bicycle is wearing red .
A man and young girl and standing under a large redwood tree .
A man hugging a boy in a tunnel , made in the trunk of a tree .
An older boy with his arm around a younger kid under a sequoia tree .
Two boys stand in a cutting underneath a giant tree .
Two kids stand under an area carved in a large tree .
A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt .
A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling .
A man with disheveled hair and facial hair in a crowd of people is smiling .
A man with poofy gray hair laughing
An old man with white long hair and a white long beard .
An attractive woman holds a halo above her head .
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head .
A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat .
A woman looking up towards a wide ring , she is holding over her head , a drink in her other hand .
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head .
Dogs race each other on a muddy track .
Greyhounds race on a track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
Race dogs midair while they run .
Several dogs running a race on a dirt track while wearing numbers .
Two boys dressed in white capes running on a path in a field .
Two children wearing white capes are running through a cleared out path in a field .
Two children wearing white capes walk along a beaten path .
Two little boys in capes walking on a path .
Two young children are walking down a dirt path with capes on .
a boy in a red top is hanging upside down from a tree .
a child in a red shirt hangs upside down from a tree branch
A child wearing a red sweatshirt is hanging upside down from a tree .
A child wearing a red top and shorts , hangs upside down from a tree branch .
A kid hanging upside down from a tree
A boarded-up painted white brick building with a man standing in front .
A man poses in front of a run down house
An older looking man with glasses and a white mustache is in front of an abandon building .
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building .
An old man stands in front of a rundown building .
A guy on a log .
A man sitting on an old piece of wood outside .
A man wearing a large backpack is sitting in the grass near a lake .
A man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river .
Man kneeling while petting large bird in front of river .
A collie and a black dog with a stick in the water .
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .
A tan dog and a black dog with stick in mouth walking in water .
The black dog win the fetching contest as it returns from the water
Two dogs in water with one retrieving a stick
A boy in a pool tilts his head back .
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up .
A closeup of a young dark-haired boy swimming in a pool of water .
A smiling boy floats in a pool .
Boy peeking up from blue water .
A big brown dog swims towards the camera .
Brown dog treads through water .
Closeup image of a dog swimming .
The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean .
Wet brown dog swims towards camera .
A blonde girl in a red shirt holding her necklace .
A girl plays with her necklace at night .
A girl wearing a red shirt is pulling on the necklace she is wearing .
Girl in red shirt holding her necklace in a large crowd .
The young lady with the red shirt is in front of the crowd .
A little girl jumps into the arms of her mother , standing in a pool .
a woman catches a young boy jumping into the pool .
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .
The lady catches the toddler in the pool .
While others watch , a young girl jumps into a pool as a woman reaches for her .
A child with her head in a cut out of a cow .
A girl is poking her head through a cow cutout .
A young boy is sticking his head through a cow face with a hole cut out of it .
A young girl is putting her face in a cow cut-out at a farm .
With a barn in the background a child puts her head through a hole in a cow cutout and smiles for the camera .
A brown dog is fetching a ball .
A dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass .
A large dog chases a ball outdoors .
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
There is a tan dog in the middle of a field , fetching a tennis ball .
A brown dog is running on grass .
A brown dog running across the grass .
A brown dog running in a grass .
A brown dog runs through a field .
A dog bounds across the green grass .
A baby in a blue shirt is in a swing .
A little blonde-headed child sits in the swing above the lush green grass .
A young girl plays on a swing
A young person wearing shorts and a blue top is swinging in a child protector seat .
The little kid is swinging in the backyard .
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .
A German Shepherd bites the arm of a man who has on protective gear .
A man trains an attack dog .
The attack dog is biting the cloth the officer with the police baton is holding on to
A dog is running on the lawn .
A dog running past a garden hose and a stone bench .
A white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard .
A yellow dog running at his objective through a grassy area .
The large beige dog is running through the grass .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A black dog jumps over hurdles .
A black , white and brown tri-colored mid-sized dog jumps over a red and white jump in a field with tents and cars nearby .
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .
A climber is standing on rocks overlooking a snowy mountain range .
a lone climber on a snowy moutainside .
A man in a white helmet and dark clothing stands in the snowy mountains .
A man is overlooking a big , snowy mountain .
A man with a white helmet stands on a snowy mountaintop .
A fast running Greyhound during a race .
A greyhound dog is running through a turn on a muddy track .
Racing Greyhound dog wearing number 8 .
The dog with the racing number is in mid-jump
The racing greyhound is running on the racetrack .
An orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake .
Several orange kayakers row in a mountain lake .
Three kayaks are out on the water with a mountain in the background .
Two canoes cross the water , behind them are some houses .
View of a mountain as seen from a kayak .
A blonde boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .
A boy carries a huge snake around his neck outside .
A boy has a large snake wrapped around him .
A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake .
A young boy has a snake draped over his shoulders .
People kayaking in snowy and mountainous region .
Snowy mountains are in the background of three ocean kayakers .
three kayakers are traveling in the water alongside snowcapped mountains .
Three men kayaking with mountains in the background
Three people on red boats paddle through water with mountains in the background .
A boy catcher in a helmet , stretching out his gloved hand for a catch .
A catcher in a red and white uniform plays at a baseball game .
A catcher with a red shirt is standing in the dirt with his glove held out .
A child catcher reaching out his mitt to catch a ball .
The boy is bending down ready to catch the ball .
A couple sits atop a mountain looking down at the scenery .
a couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
A man and a woman in an orange shirt are sitting on a rock and looking at the view of the trees and the hills .
The couple is sitting on a rock overlooking a valley .
Two people sitting on a rock overlooking a forest .
A person with their face covered , standing in a desert .
A woman in a headscarf in the desert
a young child walking in the desert with her head covered with a scarf
A young girl has her face covered with a traditional black scarf .
Girl wearing black headscarf walks in desert .
A girl with dreadlocks standing in a pool
A little girl in a pink bathing suit laughs by a pool .
A small black girl in a bathing suit
A young girl in a pool .
Young african-american girl in a red bathing suit at the edge of the pool .
A brown dog next to a stone bench .
a small dog sits under a bench .
A small dog wearing a collar sits next to a concrete bench .
A tan dog sits in the sand by a beach looking sad .
The small dog is wearing a red collar and sits in the sand behind a stone object .
Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water .
Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond .
Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake .
Two dogs play tug of war with a disc , in knee-high water .
Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water .
A boy climbing a tree .
A child climbs a tree .
A child standing crouched on a tree limb .
a young girl climbs a tree .
A young man is climbing on a low tree branch in a park .
A brown dog swims and carries a brown object .
A dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
A German Shephard carries a small log in the water .
Dog is swimming through water with a piece of wood in its mouth .
German Shepherd retrieving large stick from water
A child flips on a trampoline .
A child jumps upside down on a trampoline .
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .
A girl is upside-down on a trampoline and you can see her navel .
Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words .
Two men stand near a wall that has writing painted on it .
Two young men drink beer , leaning on a graffitied wall .
Two young men in black jackets hanging out by a graffitied wall
Two young men in jeans and dark jackets standing in front of a building .
a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
A little boy skateboards on a cement ramp .
A young child wearing a blue helmet rides a skateboard over a ramp .
A young skateboarder on a ramp .
The little boy in the green jacket is riding a skateboard on a ramp .
A brown dog , on a rocky ground , shakes off water from its body .
A dog shaking off water .
A dog shaking water off .
A golden retriever is shaking off some water
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself
A middle eastern woman wearing a blue headscarf sits next to a boy in blue clothes .
A woman and a boy are both wearing blue traditional Arab clothes
A woman and young man kneel beside a wall while dressed in blue themed clothing .
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall .
A woman wearing a scarf on her head sits next to a young boy wearing blue .
A black dog sits by two bowls near some tile steps .
a black dog sits on the floor .
A dog lies on the steps outside a building .
Two dogs are looking up at a person .
Two dogs look up at a person out of view of the camera .
Two brown dogs playfully chase a red and white soccer ball .
Two dogs are playing with a red and white ball
Two small dogs chasing a red striped ball .
Two small dogs playing in a grassy area with a large white and red striped ball .
Two small dogs playing with a volleyball
A boy sits on a tree stump .
A boy sits on the tall fence post and smiles .
A boy sitting on a stump .
A child sits on top of a large tree stump .
A small boy in sandals sits on a wooden post in a field .
A dark-headed boy is eating a large red Popsicle .
A little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
Dark haired child eating a frozen treat .
Little boy eating a red Popsicle .
The wide eyed little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
A child plays with a toy on a playground .
A small child is wearing a blue outfit with blue shoes .
A toddler plays on a playground .
A young child is playing with a stick at a playground .
There is a toddler playing on a playground .
A brown dog smelling a grey dog 's tail .
Two dogs are smelling each other .
two dogs in the middle of a heavily wooded forest
Two dogs standing in the woods .
two medium size dogs smiff each others behinds .
A little girl in a pink and white ski suit and red helmet skies sideways on the snow covered slope .
Child in pink and white skying down a slope .
Little girl skis on slope .
Person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope .
Young skier in a pink ski-suit is on the side of a snowy hill
A black and white dog bounds through a field .
A black and white dog bounds through tall wheat grass .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A white and black dog leaps through long grass in a field .
The dog is running through a field .
A black and tan Doberman dog is jumping through some water .
A dog jumping through the water at a lake
Black dog with black and tan face running through water .
Doberman leaping through the water .
The doberman pincer is leaping through the water .
A girl in a white dress .
A little girl in white is looking back at the camera while carrying a water grenade .
A smiling young girl in braids is playing ball .
A young girl wearing white looks at the camera as she plays .
The girl is holding a green ball .
an Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street .
A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk .
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk .
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .
Girl wearing a mini dress and long sleve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area .
The two small dogs run through the grass .
Two fluffy white dogs running in green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
Two small dogs that look almost identical are playing in the grass .
Two yellow dogs run together in green grass .
Two little boys in tuxedos .
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .
Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step .
Two young boys in suits wrestle .
Well dressed children play on the carpet .
A big brown dog jumps into a swimming pool on the backyard .
A dog in mid-leap into a pool .
Brown dog jumping into the pool
The brown dog is jumping into the crystal-clear pool .
The large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool .
A little girl eating two cookies .
A little girl with blonde hair and blue eyes is eating cookies .
A young girl with blond hair and blue eyes is eating a cookie with one hand while holding another cookie in the other .
Little girl with blue eyes eating cookies .
Young girl with blue eyes eating a cookie .
A border collie jumps over a bed with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
A dog jumps on a bed and catches a green toy .
Border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball .
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A woman is holding a white satchel that is full of dollar bills .
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled " LUCKY " full of bills .
A woman wearing a money themed costume stands on the street .
A woman wearing a suitcase full of money .
A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says " Lucky " that is overflowing with cash .
A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet .
A man wearing a red jacket standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
A girl smiles while riding on the back of a cart in a grocery store .
A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store .
A little girl wearing blue is riding the end of a shopping cart in a grocery store .
A young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store .
Girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store .
A blond Caucasian woman in a blue shirt wearing a straw hat .
A long haired woman is wearing a grass cowboy hat and a stripped shirt .
A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat .
A woman wearing a hat .
Woman in a blue and white striped shirt with a straw cowboy hat on .
A blond woman in sunglasses and hat talks on a cellphone .
a lady with a baseball cap on talking on he cellphone
A woman talks on the phone at a stadium .
A young blonde woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone .
woman with dark glasses and ball cap talking on a cellphone
A toddler is sitting inside a yellow tunnel in the playground .
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground .
Boy in yellow shirt sitting in yellow playground slide
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
The young child prepares to go down the slide .
A boy going down a water slide .
A boy in green trunks slides down a water slide .
A boy slides down an inflatable water slide .
A child reaches the bottom of an inflatable slide .
A young boy smiling as he rides down an inflatable water slide .
A girl in a brown dress is moving through the green grass by a metal fence .
A little girl in a dress jumping in a backyard .
a little girl jumps up in her brown dress .
A woman in a black dress jumps on the grass .
The girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside .
A black and white dog with a red Frisbee standing on a sandy beach .
A dog drops a red disc on a beach .
A dog with a red Frisbee flying in the air .
Dog catching a red Frisbee .
The black dog is dropping a red disc on a beach .
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone .
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone .
A woman taking pictures with her phone .
The girl in sunglasses holds up her phone to take a picture of something .
A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face .
A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table .
a little boy spilled his milk from the green cup .
Small laughing child with blond hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup .
Toddler with milk around his mouth .
A man at the top of rocks , clouds behind .
A man stands on top of a rocky hill .
A man stands on top of a rocky mountain .
A person standing on top of some rocks with the sky behind .
A person stands on a mountaintop .
A boy in an open Hawaiian shirt is making the Longhorns symbol with his hand .
A boy wearing a flowered shirt raises his arm and jumps .
A child in Hawaiian clothing jumps and poses in a low cut yard nearby a fence and building .
A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open .
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air .
A boy hiding behind a tree
A boy in a striped t-shirt is standing by a tree in front of the picnic tables .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
Two boys in a park , one standing near a tree and one sitting at a picnic table with the playground behind them .
A boy is jumping forwards down a water slide .
a boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
A boy on a water slide
A boy wearing a blue swimsuit begins to slide down a water slide .
A person in swim trunks jumping down an inflatable slide
A little blonde toddler is wading in a baby pool .
A young boy in a pool
A young boy playing in a swimming pool
A young boy with blond hair is in a swimming pool .
The little boy is coming out of the water in a swimming pool .
A child puts dirt into his mouth .
A little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt .
A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
A toddler eats dirt .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is putting dirt in his mouth .
A group of girls are waiting outside of a potty-potty .
Six people standing behind a fence .
Six women standing in a field awaiting their turn at a port-a-potty .
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field .
Women standing outside to use the potty .
A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game .
Children are playing leapfrog in front of a fountain
Children playing leapfrog .
Children playing leapfrog beside fountain .
Six children near a water fountain .
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
A little blonde boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small blonde child jumping from one bed to another .
A small boy leaps from one bed to another .
A young blonde boy is jumping from bed to bed .
A woman is clapping her hands while running in front of a running brown dog .
A woman leads a small dog through an agility competition .
The little red dog is running a course in front of blue tents .
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
Woman on grass playing with small dog .
A boy swings a plastic bat .
A little blonde boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat .
A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
A small child swings back a red baseball bat .
A woman in a blue tank top and shorts is jogging down an asphalt road .
A woman jogging up a hill with a scenic view behing her
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road .
Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background .
The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road .
A man walking a tightrope , low to the ground , between two trees .
a man walks across the tightrope .
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree .
A young man is walking across a suspended rope at night .
A young man walks a tightrope tied to a tree at night .
a man is talking on a cellphone outside of a bar .
A man standing in front of Dale Jr. posters with red light
A man talks on a cellphone , while standing in front of a Dale Earnhardt , Jr. , display .
Man on the phone in front of a neon sign
The man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store .
A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing .
A greyhound with the number 5 on it is running along a dirt racing track .
A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud .
a muzzled greyhound wearing the number five is running on a dog track .
Dog with muzzle and sweater marked 5 runs on dirt track .
A woman in yellow , jogging .
A woman is jogging on a road by a shoreline , holding an item up in the air .
A woman jogs down the rode near a rocky shore .
A woman passing by the shore .
The woman in the yellow shirt jogged along the coastline .
A girl laying on a sidewalk .
a girl lays on her driveway .
A girl lays on the sidewalk with her arms and face in the grass .
A little girl lays on the sidewalk with her face in the grass .
The little girl is laying on the sidewalk .
A group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines .
A group of children play tambourines .
a group of young children performing song and playing instruments .
Six children in a row with small musical instruments .
Six children playing musical instruments and singing in what appears to be a church .
Two guys are posing next to each other on the steps of a building with traffic behind them .
Two men are sitting on steps in front of a city building .
Two men pose at the bottom of a set of steps in a metropolitain area .
Two men sit together beside stone steps in an urban setting .
Two men sit together on a set of steps outside near a street ,
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool .
A black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool .
A black dog walking beside a pool .
A black poodle walks on the edge of a pool .
A fluffy blank poodle is walking on the edge of a pool .
A boy smiles and swims in blue water .
A boy smiles while he swims .
a boy swims in the pool .
A smiling boy swims , with only his head above the water .
A smiling child swims .
A gas station and a car on fire .
A large explosion occured near a red car at a gas station .
A red car is caught in an explosion .
a red car is leaping through a ball of fire .
Flames at gas pumps engulf a red car .
A man is riding a powered para-glider in the air at sunset .
An individual is floating in the air with a parachute .
A person in the sky connected to a fan .
Parachuter in midair .
Person hang gliding at sunset .
A fan operated vehicle with a yellow parachute is landing .
A flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background .
A man in the air in a four-wheeled cart attached to a parachute with smokestacks on the sun-setting horizon .
Man parasails at night
Person landing a yellow hanglider .
A child and her mother are playing ball in a park .
A little girl with a hat playing ball with her mom .
A young asian girl with a woman plays with a blue ball in a part setting .
A young woman and her daughter play with a blue and white beach ball in the grass .
Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a grey top with blue ball on ground .
Two men are standing on a path in front of a white building .
Two men stand close to each other in front of a building with many balconies .
two men stand in front of a large building .
Two men standing in front of a condominium building with grass and trees around .
Two men stand on a sidewalk in front of a tropical hotel .
A brown dog running
A brown dog running over grass .
A brown dog with its front paws off the ground on a grassy surface near red and purple flowers .
A dog runs across a grassy lawn near some flowers .
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
A kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick .
A man in a purple shirt attempts tricks with a skateboard inside a heavily graffiti painted area .
A man in a purple shirt is skateboarding in a graffiti-heavy area .
A person grinding a ledge on a skateboard .
A person wearing a blue hat rides a skateboard off of a cement bench .
A woman is pointing while others are taking pictures .
A woman points to the left as she and others look that way .
The woman in the black shirt is pointing in front of her with a cement wall in front of her .
They are sitting on the edge of a fountain
Woman pointing while others take pictures of something
A dog chews on a toy on a blue blanket .
A dog is laying on a blue rug , chewing and making a mess .
A gray dog chewing on a toy .
A grey dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something .
The gray , blue eyed hound puppy is laying on a blue carpet chewing on a toy .
A man in sunglasses and a neatly trimmed beard overlooks a woody valley .
a man posing with large grassy mountains off in the distance .
A man wearing sunglasses stands before a forested landscape .
A man with a beard and sunglasses is standing in front of tree-covered hills .
Bearded man with sunglasses in the mountains .
A boy leaping on to a slip and slide with his friends watching in the background .
A boy playing outside on a slip and slide .
A young boy dives onto a water toy .
A young boy leaps onto a water toy while five people look on .
The young boy is enjoying himself playing on the water toys .
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket
A little girl is playing tennis on an outdoor court .
A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket
A young girl is about to attempt to hit a tennis ball .
The tennis player in the red shirt is trying to hit the ball .
A little dog is sitting on a person 's bent leg .
A person stands with a small dog balancing on their leg .
a person with a small dog caught in her legs
A woman carrying a small black dog between her legs .
The person is walking with a small black and white dog .
A man talks on his cellphone while he walks down the street .
A member of the clergy carries a blue bag in his hand and talks on the phone as he walks .
A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone .
Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone .
Priest walking with blue bag while talking on cellphone .
A shirtless dark haired boy in gray shorts is running .
a skinny young man running with no shirt on
a small boy in blue shorts running down a sidewalk with flowers in the background
A small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
The boy who is walking is wearing grey shorts and no shirt .
A cowboy covers his head as a jumping horse tramples him .
A man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse
A rider has fallen off a horse and is shielding himself from being trampled
Man with white cowboy hat on the ground behind a brown horse with both front legs off the ground .
Whoa ! The cowboy is underneath the hoofs of the brown horse and is getting stepped on .
a baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings .
A child in a blue scarf and a tan outfit plays with plastic toys on a rug nearby a soft chair .
A toddler in a blue bandanna playing with a set of rings on a stick .
A toddler with a blue scarf wrapped on his head plays with a wooden toy .
The little boy is wearing a blue bandanna .
A kayak on the river is passing by a wire bridge that joins both banks .
Some people ride their kayaks down the river .
two conoes float down the river .
Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain .
Two people rafting down a river , a footbridge in the background .
People are boating near a mountain .
Two people in a canoe are rowing past a large , tree-covered mountain .
Two people in a canoe float past a rocky , wooded cliff .
Two people in a canoe on a river beside a forested mountain .
Two people in a kayak are paddling past green foliage on a river .
A person and a dog run on a paved road near a forest .
A person runs with a dog .
A person jogs down a gravel road after a small dog .
A woman and dog running down an asphalt , tree lined road .
Someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog .
A girl jumps over water at the beach .
a lone person wearing a purple tank top running on the shore at the beach
A woman leaps across the beach .
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach .
Woman on beach , running from water to trees .
A brown dog and a red dog frolicking on the waters edge on the beach .
two brown dogs are running on the beach beside the ocean .
Two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach .
Two brown dogs play on the sand by the water .
Two dogs running down a beach .
A boy is jumping on the grass whist other children are standing around .
A group of children outside a building includes a boy jumping in the grass .
A group of kids are standing outside together .
Some children stand outside a building .
There is a boy in blue shorts and a blue shirt jumping in the grass .
A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people .
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch .
A boy kicks a really large baseball
A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids .
Children are outside playing with an oversized baseball .
A girl is feeding a camel
A little girl feeds a
A little girl in a purple t-shirt feeds an animal .
A young girl feeding a camel .
The girl is at a petting zoo and feeding a camel .
A baby girl wearing a pink jacket climbs wooden steps .
A small child climbs stairs at a beach .
A small child climbs steps outdoors in a grassy area .
A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors .
A small child in a pink sweater begins to climb a concrete staircase .
A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool .
A child is splashed by water in an indoor swimming pool .
A little boy is jumping out of the pool .
A redheaded boy has just come up from under the water in a pool .
A young boy playing in a swimming pool .
two girls are standing in front of a car that is advertising Red Bull .
Two ladies pose in front of the Red Bull Energy Drink vehicle .
Two women posing next to the Redbull car .
Two women standing beside a silver and blue car with a Redbull logo and a giant Redbull can on it .
Two young women stand by a Red Bull car .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
A soldier is looking out of a window .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
A crowd begins to march in a small downtown setting .
a group of people holding signs and marching through the streets .
A group of people with signs and banners walking down the street
a protest march is crossing the intersection of two streets near to a building with red awnings .
Many people hold signs and march down the street .
A float representing the times of hanging is shown in the back of a truck .
A man in a judge costume stand on a red truck and hangs a dummy .
Man dressed as a judge pretending to hang another man on top of a truck .
Three people in costumes stand on the back of a pickup truck .
Three people stand on the back of a truck .
A dog chasing a ball indoors .
A small dog catches a tennis ball indoors .
A small dog chasing a ball .
The little white and brown dog has his mouth wide open while trying to catch something .
The small dog is baring his teeth and chasing an object .
A boy in shorts stands , arms outstreched , on a roadway .
A child cavorts on the road .
A child in white shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the street .
a young boy wearing a hat dancing in the street
Small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street .
A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium .
A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats .
A man wearing a green numbered shirt is sitting in a stadium .
A photo of an arena with very few people in the stands .
Man with SANTANA 57 shirt sits in sparsely occupied seating area .
A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down .
A baseball player runs on the field .
A boy at bat playing a baseball game falls to the ground while onlookers watch .
A child in a uniform is falling to the ground with a bat in his or her hand .
This baseball player , dressed in red and white uniform and holding a bat , is falling after being hit by a pitch .
A close-up shot of a long haired man playing a red electric guitar .
A man rocks out onstage with his guitar .
A man with long blonde hair playing a red guitar
Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar .
Person with blonde flyaway hair playing guitar
A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
A girl riding in a toy car with a man behind her
A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on .
The little girl is driving the small blue car .
Two small children play with a toy riding car in the street with a grown up .
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth .
A dog in a harness holds a stick in his mouth while standing in the water .
A dog retrieves a stick from a body of water .
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth as it comes out of the water .
The white dog is standing in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A man doing a karate kick on a block of ice .
A man karate kicks a stack of ice bricks .
A martial artist breaks a brick .
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
The man breaking the ice with his foot stands on a blue mat .
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose .
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard .
A person lays in the grass .
A person lies in a grassy area near a building .
one man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees .
A black and white dog chasing a tan and white dog across a path .
A dog runs behind another at a park .
two dogs are running across a grassy path .
Two dogs are running quickly through a park .
Two dogs run through the park .
There are two women tanning in bikinis .
Two people sunbathe beside water .
Two women are laying on a concrete structure beside the ocean .
Two women sunbathe by the water .
Two women sunbathe on a concrete terrace .
A man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing .
A man hanging just above the ground .
A man is holding onto handles in the air .
A man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute .
A parachuting man gets ready to land .
A man bracing himself against the pull of a large kite .
a man holds his parachute .
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert .
The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze .
The man slides in the sand while holding on to his hang glider .
A girl begins to wade through deep grass that covers a stone structure on a coastline .
A girl is walking on a sandy path .
A small girl playing in a park .
A young girl in a white cap is walking through an area with trees .
A young girl with a read shirt and a white hat playing among the foliage .
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire , a boy in a parka watches .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
A person holds a frying pan over an open fire as a child watches .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
The man in the yellow jacket is cooking over an open fire as the little boy watches .
A girl in pink pants running , an ornate Spanish ruin in the background .
The girl dressed in purple walks through the alley , followed by a girl in pink .
Two children within the ruins of a building .
Two girls , one running away from the wall .
Two little girls play around an old abandoned building .
a brown dog nursing
A dog breastfeeding .
A mother dog giving her puppy some milk .
A puppy is nursing from its mother .
A young puppy suckles from his mother .
A dog leaps on the beach .
A playful dog is jumping on the sand .
Brown dog is leaping up into the air .
The collared dog is jumping into the air .
There is a brown dog leaping on the beach .
a closeup picture of a girl with long black hair and one hand raised in the air .
A lady with dark hair dressed in red clothing with left arm in the air .
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised .
A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd .
a woman raises her hand .
A child is holding a colorful object and overlooking a crowd of people while sitting on the shoulders of an older person .
A girl in a blue sweater sits on a person 's shoulders and carries a pinwheel .
A girls in a blue shirt holds a flower while sitting on a man 's shoulders .
A young oriential girl is standing above the crowd playing with a pinwheel
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair .
A child in an orange shirt with a book .
A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine .
A young boy is holding a book .
The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
There is a child wearing an orange shirt and hold an orange book .
A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water .
A baby crawls on hardwood floors towards a water bottle .
A baby on a wood floor with a water bottle
An infant is crawling on a wood floor , with a water bottle laying nearby .
A young baby crawls across the wood floor towards the water bottle .
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill .
A small child crawling on a windowsill .
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows .
The little boy crawls around next to the large glass windows .
This picture shows a boy in a blue shirt leaning his head against a window with lots of beautiful clowds outside .
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard .
A lime green VW bug .
Cars and people gathered in a city mall area .
In this plaza , we see a green VW beetle , a white sports coupe and many people looking at the autos .
The courtyard of a South American city with a crowd and vintage cars .
A group of children climbing on a statue of a bear .
Four children playing on a sculpture of a bear .
Four kids are climbing on a fake black bear .
Four young children playing on a stone bear with people in the background .
Several children climbing on a bear statue .
A child in a blue shirt sitting on a forest floor , looking through binoculars .
A child sits in the woods looking up with binoculars .
A girl sitting on the ground in the forest looking through binoculars .
A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars .
The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up .
A little girl in a bathing suit leaps up in the water .
A little girl wearing a black tankini is jumping in the air with water in the background .
A young girl in a swimming suit jumps into a body of water .
A young girl jumping out of the water
The girl in the bathing suit is poised in midair next to the blue water .
a black puppy jumping on the back of a white puppy
A black dog and a white dog wrestle .
A black dog and a white dog wrestling next to a food dish .
A black puppy stands over a white puppy .
A small black dog is standing over a small white dog laying on his side .
A climber walks along a snowy peak .
A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore .
A man is standing on a snowcapped mountain .
A person hikes down a snowy mountain .
There man on top of an snow covered mountain with a lake behind him .
Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field .
Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball .
Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball .
Three dogs play with a ball on a field .
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball .
A boy smiles at the camera .
A little boy is smiling and playing in a playground .
A little boy playing on the monkey bars .
A young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars .
A young boy smiles as he hangs onto bars at the playground .
Three children run by the water .
Three children running down a sidewalk next to a river .
Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other .
Three children run on the walkway by the river .
Three kids , one holding a closed umbrella , run around on a sidewalk next to a river .
A black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow .
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings .
A dog runs past an empty chair and a tripod , between stretched strings , marking a path through a grassy field .
A dog with all fours up in the air above the clover-filled grass .
The gray dog is running on a green field .
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth .
A dog holds an orange rag in his mouth while running .
A dog running with a red item in its mouth .
Black dog running through grass with something orange in its mouth
On garden lawn , black dog is retriving an object .
A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play .
Children playing in a green and blue bounce house .
Children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air .
Four children are playing on a bouncy castle .
The little kids all play and jump around inside the inflatable toy .
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach .
two boys playing in dirty water
Two children are playing in deep muddy water .
Two children are rolling in muddy water .
Two muddy boys swim .
A man and woman relaxing in shallow water near a waterfall .
a man and woman sit in the creek .
A woman in a bikini sits in shallow water with a man sitting next to her .
The man and woman are sitting in the water .
Two people sit in a shallow river near the rocks .
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass .
A black dog is running through a field of grass and dandilions .
A black Greyhound running in an open field .
A dog runs through a field .
A very thin , black dog running in a field .
A boy eating at a table .
A young boy in pajamas eats out of a red bowl at a wood table .
a young boy making a big mess on the floor and table while eating cereal
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around .
The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating .
A man in sunglasses sits on rocks .
A man sitting in clear shallow water beside a large rock face .
A person is sitting in a shallow lagoon .
Man with sunglasses sitting in shallow water .
The man with the white t-shirt is sitting in a stream looking at a rock .
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .
A teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on .
A woman stands in front of a mountain in the winter .
A young woman is outside in the snow wearing a hat .
The girl stands outside in the cold wearing a warm hat and looking off into the distance .
A woman is sitting in a chair near a brick building .
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .
The elderly African woman is sitting on a blue chair in front of a rough brick wall .
This woman is sitting in a lawnchair on the sand .
Woman in grey shirt and dark skirt sitting in blue chair with white stars in front of a brick wall .
An aged woman is looking into the camera while the inside of her hut is shown .
An elderly woman is looking at the camera .
an older woman smiling in a small room .
An old person stands in a third world kitchen .
A older person stands near a clay bench and looks into the camera .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt spins on a merry-go-round at a park .
A young girl at a playground
A young girl on a blue and yellow merry-go-round , with a blurry background .
Children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park .
two young girls wearing pink shirts ridding on a merry-go-round at a park
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
Three dogs racing on racetrack
Three dogs running on a racing track .
Three greyhounds racing on a track
Three racing dogs with masks on their mouths .
A man in a kilt follows a girl and another man in a kilt and holds a girl wearing silver shoes .
Group of people walking around outdoors , one girl is being carried .
One woman is being carried behind three people who are walking on path .
People walking on a sidewalk , with one carrying a female .
These people are walking away from the camera , while one person carries another .
A brown and white dog is jumping a red and yellow pole .
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
A dog in a swimming pool swims toward sombody we cannot see .
A dog swims in a pool near a person .
Small dog is paddling through the water in a pool .
The small brown and white dog is in the pool .
A black dog barking .
A black dog has its mouth open while leaning to the side .
A black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn .
a black dog is running with its mouth open across a grassy field .
The dog ran in the field .
A small kid is about to kick a soccer ball while two other kids are chasing him .
Boys in uniform behind a ball .
Boys playing soccer .
Three boys ( one in red , two in blue , play soccer .
Three young boys are playing soccer on the grass .
A photographer is holding his camera next to an orange barrier beside water .
A photographer is kneeling in front of a railing that is protects falling into water .
A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera .
A smiling photographer
The crouching man is holding a large camera .
A man in a blue shirt and beard looks at something that he is holding .
A man with a bread looking at his camera .
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .
An old man adjusts his camera .
An old man is examining his camera while a younger man is singing nearby .
A black dog running towards a camera .
A black dog runs along the grass .
A black dog runs on the grass near to a brown and white dog .
a black dog runs through the dry grass .
Two dogs , one coming toward the camera while one walks in the background .
A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
A little girl in a puffy purple skirt dances in a park .
A young girl twirls her fluffy purple skirt .
Little girl is spinning around on the grass in a flowing purple skirt .
The little girl has a purple dress on .
A black dog is standing with his legs spread wide apart on some sand
A dog plays on a beach .
A dog plays on the beach .
An aggressive dog .
The black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach .
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
A boy pushes another boy on a swing set .
A child pushes another that is sitting in a swing near playground equipment .
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing .
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground .
A man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football .
A man with no shirt on is holding a football .
A shirtless man catches a football
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn .
a young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football .
A black and white dog is bounding down white steps .
A black and white dog is running down some white steps .
A small dog jumping some hurdles .
A tri-colored dog is jumping over obstacles .
Dog sits on hurdles .
A man in black shorts is stretching out his leg .
A man practicing a high kick on the cement near the grass .
A young , fit man wearing short does a high right kick in the air .
A young man practices a martial art kicking skill in front of his home in the early morning .
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
A couple in black clothes are walking towards a white gate .
A man and a woman dressed in black walk towards a gate near a wooded area .
A man and a woman walk away with their arms around each other .
Man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other .
Two people dressed in black are leaving .
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
A baby playing in the dirt with a bucket and shovel .
A blonde baby playing in the sand .
A toddler in a diaper is playing in a sandbox near a shovel and other sand toys .
The cute baby in a diaper and shirt plays in the dirt .
A clown in an orange shirt entertains a crowd .
A girl in a orange shirt and a stripe tie
A girl in orange shirt and clown makeup stands in a park while others look on .
The woman dressed as a clown is performing outside for others .
The young lady appears to be a mime among her peers .
A fat guy in pink , drinking beer .
A large person in shorts and a white shirt sitting at a table .
An overweight person drinking .
A person sits at a table outside drinking beer .
A person wearing a white tank top sits at a table with a beer .
A female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair .
A girl with a newspaper in a cafe .
A happy woman wearing a black tank top is sitting in a wicker chair .
A woman in a black shirt is sitting on her feet in a wooden chair .
A woman sitting in a chair and smiling at the camera .
a small dog jumps over a jump .
A small white dog is jumping over a green and red obstacle bar .
A white dog runs through an obstacle course .
The white dog is jumping over hurdles .
the white dog is leaping over a red and green fence on an obstacle course .
A gray-haired , shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavendar umbrella on the side of a street .
A man leaning against a wall with an umbrella .
A woman that appears to be homeless sits on a Winnie the Pooh table cover on the side of a street .
The man is sitting outside on the street under a purple umbrella .
The person is sitting on a Winnie the pooh sheet and holding a purple umbrella .
A boy on a bicycle rides the ledge of water fountain while another boy is in the fountain .
A man on a bike tries to do a trick on the railing of an outdoor fountain .
a man wearing a blue shirt and hat jumping on one wheel on a fountain ledge
A young man on a bike balances one wheel on the edge of a fountain in a city park .
The guy on his bike does a jump near a water fountain .
A man in sunglasses gets ready to pull a chair out to sit down for his meal .
A man wearing sunglasses stands by a table at a cafe .
Man about to pull out chair and sit down at a restaurant .
Man at eatery getting ready to sit down .
The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant .
A female with glasses , a brown shirt , and a backpack .
A happy bespectacled young white girl in a brown t-shirt and a backpack
A woman wearing a brown shirt and glasses smiles for the camera .
There is a young girl with glasses and disheveled hair with a green backpack .
Young lady with brown shirt , glasses , and a backpack .
a family crossing a bridge
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area .
People with strollers walking on a bridge .
The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed .
Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down .
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow .
Two white dogs are running alongside one another in snowy grass .
Two white dogs running in the snow .
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow .
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone .
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street
A woman wearing a black shirt walks among a crowd in a city .
Brunette woman in black walking through blurred crowd .
Lady walking and squinting from the sun in a large group of people .
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool .
A dog is hosed as it jumps into a kiddie pool .
A terrier is sprayed by a hose while jumping in a pool .
A white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool .
While one white dog is outside the pool , another white dog with a black spot on its back is jumping into a plastic swimming pool while getting sprayed by a garden hose .
Acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators .
a midget jumps over another midget .
Two men in bowler hats and Union Jack underwear perform acrobatics .
Two men scantily clad performing acrobatic moves in front of a crowd
Two men wearing red and blue trunks and bowler hats are performing in a crowded street .
A girl and young boy are jumping on a trampoline in a suburban yard .
A girl is jumping on a trampoline with her arms in the air , while a boy in a blue shirt is bouncing on his stomach .
A teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach .
A toddler and a teenage girl jumping on a trampoline .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
A girl with Indian clothing on and henna on her hand goes through paperwork .
A woman wearing jewelry holds a piece of paper and looks down .
A woman wears a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry .
The lady in the multi-colored shirt has a necklace on a white object in her hand .
The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand .
a girl wearing a short skirt looking at a rack of magazines on the sidewalk .
A woman in a jeans skirt and t-shirt looking at a magazine display on the street .
The woman is browsing the magazine stand .
The woman stands looking at rows of magazines .
Woman with black t-shirt and denim skirt looks at magazines on display .
A monk in a red shawl looks at the camera
A monk walks down a city street .
A older man in a orange wrap looks into the camera on the sidewalk of a city .
Older Asian man , wearing orange robes in urban area .
Old monk in orange with tattoos on his chest standing on a city street .
little girls in swimsuits are laughing
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body .
A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside .
The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon .
The girl is twirling long , colorful streamers .
Young girl playing with streamers .
A young boy plays in the water fountain .
a young boy running through a water fountain
Two boys are playing in a sprinkler .
Two boys play in a park fountain .
Two children run through a sprinkler .
a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water .
A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool .
A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool .
A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool .
The boy splashed the water .
A baby with a pacifier saying I love you in sign language .
A little boy has a pacifier in his mouth and throwing up a sign with his hand .
A little boy is standing in front of an old fashioned fence with his hand up in the air .
A little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air .
A small child is giving heavy metal signs
Four boys mug for the camera in front of a brick wall .
Four boys pose for the camera .
Four boys posing for a picture with pumped fists
Four boys stand together with their arms bended to show their strength .
Four young boys flexing for the camera .
A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel .
A white dog runs out of a long blue tube outside .
A white dog runs through a large blue tube .
The small white dog is coming out of a blue tunnel .
The white dog emerges from the tunnel on the course .
A black dog lays next to a ball .
A black dog sitting in brown grass with a colorful ball .
A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball .
A doberman mix takes a break in the hay from playing with his ball .
The dog rests after playing catch .
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A child with a water noodle .
A little boy wearing blue shorts is holding a yellow noodle over a pool .
a boy and girl riding a roller coaster
Children on a ride at an amusement park .
The children are smiling whist sitting on a fairground ride .
Two children swing around on a carnival ride .
two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
A group of hip young people walk down the street in a residential neighborhood .
four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background
Four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside .
Four teenagers in Gothic clothes are walking in a neighborhood .
Two girls and two guys walking down the street .
An athlete performs the high jump .
A woman athlete launching herself over the bar during a pole vault .
A woman is black is pole vaulting .
A woman pole vaulter upside down as she attempts the vault .
a woman with her feet in the air about to do pole vaulting
A man and two children in a boat on the water .
A man and two children in life jackets in a boat on a lake .
A man paddling a rowboat , with two children in back .
Man and two kids on a boat on the lake .
Two children wearing life jackets face an older male while he paddles the canoe they are sitting in .
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella .
a group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing .
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella .
A group of young adult women in bikinis sit in a field of wild grass and flowers , some under a striped umbrella .
A group of young woman sunbathing is meadow .
Two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk .
Two woman with white purses walk down the city street .
Two women in skirts walk down a city street .
Two women walking on the sidewalk .
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
A woman in a black dress crouching in front of a brick wall talking on a cellphone .
A woman in all black crouches against a wall while making a phone call .
A woman on the phone next to a brick wall .
The woman crouches against a brick wall , speaking on her cellphone .
Woman talking on pink cellphone in front of a brick wall .
A man in sunglasses is writing on a pad with his bike leaned up against him .
A man is sitting outside writing something on a pad of paper .
A man next to a plastic crate and a bicycle , writes on a board .
A man whose clothes are covered in paint is writing something down while sitting outside in a busy area .
A man writes a note while sitting next to a crate and a bike .
A bearded man with a Mohawk and skull bandanna .
A man with a hankerchief on his next and pierced ears looks off into the distance .
a man with a pierced ear is wearing a black shirt .
A man with a pompadour haircut and beard wearing a bandanna around his neck .
The man has a black and white scarf around his neck .
A couple are holding hands next to a very large mirror outdoors .
A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror .
a girl wearing a red shirt holding the hand of a man near a street .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside .
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A dog jumping over high jump poles at show .
A dog jumps over an obstacle outside .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
A small dog leaps a barrier .
A dog completing a fitness excercise
A dog is performing act at dog show .
A hairy dog tries to follow its owner around an obstacle course .
A shaggy , brown dog is doing an obstacle .
Dog passes through obstacles .
A girl stands on a surfboard which a man is standing behind and holding .
a little girl learns to surf with an instructor .
A man helps a girl get up on a turquoise surfboard .
A young girl riding a surfboard .
Two people on a surfboard in the water
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A dog with its mouth open is walking on a path on a garden which is next to a lake or a stream .
A pitbull is returning a stick during a game of fetch .
a pitbull playing with a stick
Brown dog running through a field with a stick in its mouth .
A bird is splashing in the water next to the swimming dog wearing the blue collar .
a dog chases a bird in the water .
A dog swims in a body of water while , slightly ahead , a black duck takes flight .
Dog and bird together in water .
The retriever is swimming out to the goose who is about to get away .
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .
An ice skating park in winter , with many people .
An outdoor ice skating rink full of people .
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
People using an outdoor ice skating rink .
A man is skating on a rail .
A person wearing Rollerblades slides along a handrail .
A rollerblader grinding a rail and grabbing one foot .
A rollerblader grinds across a rail .
Boy in black shirt on one foot standing on metal rail above green grass on right and black pavement on left .
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera .
A dog lies on the ground .
A dog rolls on the ground .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
A man and woman , on a park trail , pose in front of a lake and distant mountain .
A man and woman posing for a picture on a mountain hike .
A man holds his arms open wide while standing with a woman .
A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park .
A man in jeans is standing in front of a reception desk .
A man wearing a shirt that says " Gigolo " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
A man wearing a t-shirt that says " Gigolo " stands at the counter talking to someone .
A young man in a " GIGOLO " shirt at a reception desk .
Man wearing Gigolo shirt gets assistance at front desk .
A girl enjoys the swimming pool .
A young girl in an orange bathing suit is about to splash into a pool .
A young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
Girl in orange suit swims in pool .
The girl is swimming in the pool .
A black and white dog is running through shallow water .
A black and white dog runs through the water .
Black and white dog running through water .
The black and white dog is running through the water .
This dog is running through water on a beach .
A man in a black and white jersey is leaping to get a ball from a player in a blue and yellow jersey .
People playing a sport with a referee looking on .
The men are jumping in the air .
Three rugby players trying to catch the ball
Two men are jumping into the air to catch the football .
five men play football .
Five young men playing rugby .
The player wearing the black and white jersey jumps for the ball amidst two players from the other team as his two teammates run to help him .
The three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball .
Three rugby players all trying to catch a ball .
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain .
A woman in a red vest jogs down the street in a heavy rain .
A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain .
A woman wearing a red vest runs a race through the rain .
Woman jogging in the rain .
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .
two adults sit on a bench .
Two guys sit by some flowers and water .
Two people on a bench .
Two people sit on a bench at a park .
A bare chested man with a Mohawk , beard and glasses .
A large man with a Mohawk and two nipple rings .
An older man with his nipples peirced stands shirtless .
A tanned man with dark glasses on , punk style hair and tattoos on arms and chest .
The man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses .
A boy wearing a red t-shirt is running through woodland .
A child runs near some trees .
A young boy is dancing around .
A young boy with a red short sleeved shirt and jeans runs by some trees .
The little boy in the red shirt stops to smile for the camera .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open .
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass .
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
A brown and white dog running on grass .
a brown and white pitbull running in the grass with its mouth open .
A black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water .
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
A black dog running through water .
A black dog wading through water .
The dog is running in the surf .
A group of soccer players after a ball .
A soccer game between the red team and the blue team .
A soccer game is in progress .
Soccer game with teams in red and blue .
two teams of soccer players playing a game on a field
A guy skateboarding on a basketball court
A man jumps in the air while performing a stunt on his skateboard .
a skateboarder ollies .
Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
The guy in gray pants is completing a jump on his skateboard .
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake , whilst a horse and rider passes behind .
A brown and white dog and a black dog near water with a man on horseback in the background
Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback .
Two dogs are playing near water next to a deflated basketball .
Two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water , a deflated basketball and a person on a horse .
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground .
A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth .
A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area .
Black dog holding an old soccer ball in its mouth
The black dog is walking through the dirt with a soccer ball in its mouth .
A boy plays in the ocean with a boogie board .
An excited boy playing in the surf with a body board .
A smiling young boy wearing a bathing suit is holding a surfboard and laying down in the ocean water .
A young boy holds his boogie board in shallow ocean water .
A young boy with a blue body board .
A boy is wading through water .
A boy up to his knees in water .
a boy wearing white shorts , walks through the water .
A young boy with white swim trunks walks out of the water .
The boy is wading through the blue ocean .
A band is playing music underneath a white canopy .
A band performs at on an outdoor stage .
A band performs onstage .
Band performs at outdoor event .
People gather to hear musicians play various instruments upon a stage .
A beagle is climbing through some grey stairs .
A dog attempts to squeeze between two gray steps .
A dog sticking his head out from under some grey stairs .
Dog crawling in between steps from behind the steps
Dog hiding under the stairs .
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area .
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground .
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
Two dogs are biting each other in the woods .
A run way model removes a tan coat to show off a fancy dress .
A woman taking off a large cloak revealing a extravagant dress
a woman wearing a black , red , white and pink dress
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her .
Woman in black , red and white dress waving a gold cape
Little boy skating in roller rink , two little girls in background .
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink .
Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy , boy is wearing orange wheeled skates .
three young people skating in a skating rink
Two girls and a boy rollerskating .
A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man .
A man and a dog are in a pool together .
A man and dog are splashing in a swimming pool .
A man is standing in the pool behind the dog that is swimming .
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .
A black dog follows a group of sheep walking in a field of grass .
a black sheepdog is guiding sheep along a grassy path .
A dog chasing sheep down a county road
A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path .
Black dog following a herd of sheep down a grassy lane .
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
A girl whipping water from her hair in a lake
A woman in a river is shaking her hair causing a water to spray everywhere .
A woman splashes in the water .
A black and white dog in a blue harness running through a grassy field .
A black and white dog runs through grass .
A black and white dog with a blue collar walks through the grass .
A black and white dog with a blue halter runs through the grass .
A black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass .
Four boys hold toy guns while under a pavillion .
Three boys on a platform in the forest .
Three boys play with toy guns .
Three children are shooting guns in the woods .
Three children play in an outside wood structure .
A few men sit outside of an area with an open gate eat their lunches .
A group of people sit on the ground , backs to a wall , outside a gated compound .
Several men sit outside a building .
Three men are sitting near an orange building with blue trim .
Three men sitting behind a building .
An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle
Two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes .
Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water .
Two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk .
Two girls walking on a wet sidewalk
A child and floor covered in white powder .
A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
A young child covered with white powder .
A beige dog runs through the tall grass with a tree in the background .
A big tan dog runs on a field filled with grass and weeds .
A dog is running through tall grass .
A dog running through tall grass .
A dog with blond hair and floppy ears running in a field .
A dog with a blue ball running in a field .
a small tan dog running on the grass with a ball in his mouth
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
The dog is running with a colorful ball .
A group of men in an art gallery .
A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it .
Group of men sitting and standing in an art gallery .
People are hanging out in an art gallery .
some people are sitting and others are standing next to a false wall in an art gallery .
Two boys wearing brown shirts tug at a rope on a wooden platform .
Two boys with red hair and glasses stand on a table and fight .
Two redheaded boys in brown shirts stand on a table and are fighting with sticks .
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks .
Two twin pre-teen boys dueling with sticks
A brown butterfly perched on a girl 's hand
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand .
A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand .
A girl in a yellow , blue and green tie dyed hat has a strange looking critter on her hand .
A little grey dog is jumping over a fence .
A little grey dog jumps over a small hurdle .
A little grey dog jumps over a bar at an agility test .
A small dog jumping an obstacle in a grassy field .
A small dog jumping over an obstacle .
a lone man climbing high on a snowy mountain .
A man is standing on top of a glacier .
A man standing on a mountainside in snow .
A mountain climber posing in the snow .
A person walking up a snow covered mountain on a bright day .
A man on horseback on a grassy field in front of mountains .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
A person riding a horse with a mountain range in the far background .
A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
Distant horse rider on plain in the middle of brown mountains .
A group of bicyclists in a race .
A group of people in a bicycle race .
A group of people ride bicycles around a curve on a racetrack .
Group of cyclists in riding gear with helmets .
Men race on bicycles on track .
A girl in all blue slides down a green slide .
A kid is sliding down a green slide .
Little girl with pigtails sliding down a green slide .
The young girl enjoys the slide .
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide .
two brown dogs one with a stick in its mouth
Two dogs are running side by side through long grass .
Two large black and brown dogs run through the tall grass .
Two large dogs bound through a field .
Two tall black dogs run through tall grass .
A blonde woman wearing a hat .
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag .
A woman wears a black hat with an american flag on it and looks at the camera scarily .
The blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap .
The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it .
A girl in a blue swimsuit walks into the ocean .
A woman running into surf .
A woman walking into the waves .
Girl is wading through the gray ocean .
woman in blue bathing suit going into the water
A dog catches a Frisbee at a baseball field during a game .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee , while many people watch .
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on .
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .
Woman and dog do Frisbee tricks as crowd watches in baseball stadium .
A male wearing a blue shirt is holding a cup in hand while staring at the camera .
A man in a short Mohawk and beard .
A man with a Mohawk and a shirt saying " -ependent " faces the camera
A man with a Mohawk is holding a cup .
A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera .
A group of dogs walk around outdoors .
Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path , with two brown ones in the lead .
Several dogs are running outside , with two vehicles in the background .
Several dogs are running through the dirt .
Two puppies jump from a concrete slab onto the grass .
Snow dogs howling .
These dogs appear to be howling , outdoors in the snow .
Three barking , howling dogs
Three dogs standing in the snow with two of the dogs with open mouths .
two husky dogs are howling together
A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A brown dog is catching a Frisbee in midair .
A brown dog jumped into the air and caught a Frisbee .
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .
The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee .
A man is squirting water into a white dog 's mouth with a squirt gun .
A man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog .
A young man squirts water from a water gun into a dog 's mouth .
Man squirts water gun in dogs mouth
The young man with the water gun is shooting water into the white dogs mouth .
A black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background .
A dog 's speed is measured by a man while the dog runs .
A small white and black dog is running through a blue netted course while people watch .
A wet dog flies through the air while an amazed woman and boy look on .
two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone .
A chubby Asian boy is wearing glasses .
A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look .
A serious looking boy with glasses and a blue shirt poses .
Child with black glasses and a blue polo shirt .
There is a child with glasses and tan skin staring at the camera .
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
A group of people gather on a basketball court as one person jumps for the ball .
Basketball players jumping up for the ball during a game .
Girls are playing basketball .
two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside .
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .
A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean .
A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water .
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
Three people scuba dive under the sea .
Two individuals underwater scuba diving .
Two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles .
Two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean .
Two scuba divers are diving underwater .
A man in cold-weather gear holding a large camera .
A man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera .
A man with a camera .
A man with a lot of camera gear stands in front of a mountain scene .
A photographer is standing on a mountain with gear in hand .
A car splashes through mud and leaves on the forest floor .
A four wheel drive car is splashing through puddles on an off road trail .
A large van drives down a counry road in the fall .
Large SUV driving through a large puddle in the forest .
SUV splashing muddy water in a forest .
A boy does a skateboard trick off a metal plank .
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard .
Skateboarder on a rail .
Skater does a trick on a rail .
A blonde woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails .
A woman in black jeans sits on the railing of a bridge with a harbor in the background .
A young woman sitting on a ledge with a black purse looking at her finger nails .
girl sitting on wall looking at her nails
The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge .
An Asian girl wearing a very colorful dress is carrying a plastic cup .
An asian woman drinking from a plastic mug .
A woman in a multi-colored dress is holding a plastic cup while gesturing with the other hand .
A young woman wearing a dress makes an awkward hand sign .
The woman is holding a mug , and has sunglasses on the top of her head .
children playing around a streetpole
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street .
Four children playing around a pole .
Four children running around a pole with red and white strips on top .
Little kids play a game of running around a pole .
A black and white dog is playing with a ball that has a tear in it .
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
A black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field .
A black and white dog plays with a tattered volleyball in a brown field .
Dog playing with ball in dried up field
A little white dog running through the sand .
A West Highland Terrier runs across the dirt .
A white dog running on sand .
A white dog runs on the beach .
A white dog runs on the sand .
a large man dozes off on the bus .
A man with a black shirt that says " Genetic Freak " is sleeping on a bus .
Man wearing hat and t-shirt with " Genetic Freak " sleeping on public transportation .
The heavy man is sitting on a bus and sleeping .
Three people , one wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap , are seated on a bus .
Two bulldogs playing on the floor .
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other .
Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch .
Two dogs playing on carpet .
two dogs wrestle .
dogs playing
A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout .
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth .
Two dogs are nuzzling each other nose to nose .
Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet .
A boy jumping over some water .
A boy wearing swimming trunks jumps over some sprinkler water in a backyard .
A little boy in glasses jumps into a spray of water .
a young boy jumping through a mist of water .
Young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler .
A group of women walk down a street at night .
Three women out for the evening in a big city .
Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street .
Two women walk down a city street at night .
Women are walking at night under neon lights .
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
A man wearing reflective sunglasses in a crowd .
A man wearing reflective sunglasses offers a big smile showing all his teeth !
A man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly .
Smiling man with reflective classes .
A boy is trying to blow a huge bubble using a giant metal ring .
A man blowing a large bubble .
a red haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble
The boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble .
Young man in blue shirt peering through a large bubble .
A girl jumps from an orange raft into a lake .
a girl jumps off of a raft .
Girl jumping into water from a raft .
Girl jumping off a raft into a lake .
The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake .
A man carrying a bag passes by two telephone booths .
A man carrying an orange bag walks past two British style telephone boxes .
A man walks by a red telephone booth that says , " ring ring " .
A man walks by red telephone booths .
An older man with a shopping bag walks by two red telephone booths .
A collie jumps over a hurdle .
A dog in a competition jumps over a hurdle .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a barrier .
A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead .
A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses .
A child with a Mohawk is wearing dark sunglasses .
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up .
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus .
A man and a woman in white shirts and dark glasses smiling .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera .
A woman and a man are standing in front of bushes wearing sunglasses .
Man and woman wearing sunglasses posing for picture .
The man and the woman pose for a picture by some bushes .
The two boys play in the field .
Two boys and a cart .
Two boys happily pull cart .
Two boys pulling a wagon .
Two smiling boys walk in a grassy field with a small trailer behind them .
A brown and white dog relaxes on a carpet in sunlight .
A brown dog resting on a red , white , and blue afghan rug .
A German short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window .
A small brown and white dog lines on a red area rug in a patch of sunlight .
Window shades cast light and shadow on a dog lying on a colorful carpet .
The black dogs try to wrestle the dog away from each other .
There are two blog dogs playing tug-o-war outside .
Two black dogs playing tug-of-war .
Two dogs playfully fight over a ball outside .
Two large , black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball .
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard .
A little boy is leaping in the air onto a water slide .
A young boy plays outside on a sunny day on his slip and slide .
The boy in the swimming trunks is playing in the yard .
A child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler .
A child plays in backyard sprinklers .
A child seen from the waist down in a bathing suit standing on a slip and slide with jets of water shooting up
A kid standing in a sprinkler .
Child standing on yellow sprinkler mat with water spraying .
A dog runs uphill towards the camera in near a fenced area .
A large , white dog running up a hill with a person walking away in the back .
A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away .
Beige dog running toward camera on brown ground and a man in the background moving away from camera .
While the man walks along the fence , a dog is running towards the tree .
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch .
Cows and people running down street
Hundreds of people watch as people partake in the bull-run .
The bulls are chasing the runners .
The bulls are coming down the street with people to the right of them and a building behind them .
a brunette girl wearing sunglasses and a yellow shirt
A girl in sunglasses smiles .
A girl wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses smiles .
a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera .
A woman with a yellow shirt wears sunglasses and smiles .
A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie .
A person in a specialized suit rides a motorcycle .
Motorcyclist performing while two men watch .
The rider is driving their motorcycle .
A man in a black and white uniform stands on a motorbike doing a stunt .
A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike .
A motorcycle rider starts to sand up on the seat of his white motorcycle .
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat .
This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle .
A black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons .
A brown dog has a blue and white ribbon pinned to him , and teal and yellow ribbons behind him .
A brown dog poses with ribbons .
A dog wearing a blue ribbon sits in front of a fireplace that displays more ribbons .
a small brown dog standing in front of a fireplace surrounded by awards .
A little girl laughs while playing in a play house .
A little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set .
a small girl playing in a little tikes' playground set .
A smiling little blonde girl holds stands in a play structure and holds a green toy .
A young girl smiling in a plastic play structure .
A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock .
A man sits on a rock cliff with trees in the background .
A man sitting on a huge rock to pose for a picture .
A man sitting on a rock near trees .
Man in shorts in sitting up on a rock posing for the camera .
A lady holds a beverage .
An attractive brunette woman smiles and holds a beverage in front of her .
A woman holding a drink and smiling .
A woman holds a drink and smiles .
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup .
a man in a white shirt is climbing a wall while another man watches
A man looks up at the camera as he climbs a rock and others look on .
A man scales a steep rock face as people look on from below .
A man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch .
The man with the two small bandages on his middle finger is climbing a rock .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
The large brown dog is chasing after the little brown dog .
Two brown dogs run through the grass together .
two dogs play in the grass .
A group of girls on a beach .
There are three women with cameras talking on the beach .
Three people standing on a beach talking with cameras
Three woman stand on a beach below with their shadows long behind them .
Three women on the beach .
Two blonde women are wearing white I love beer shirts .
Two blond haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk outside .
Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left .
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
A brown dog and a black dog are playing tug of war with a toy .
A large brown dog is playing tug-of-war with a large black dog .
The brown dog and the black dog with green harnesses are in the sand .
Two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug of war .
Two dogs play with a toy .
A girl in a bathing suit plays on the surf .
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf .
A girl is in the surf .
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
This girl , dressed in a bikini , is leaving the water .
A blonde-haired girl wears a tank-top that says " Thank You " and sports a large tattoo .
A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .
A blond woman with a tattoo on her arm stands near a wall .
Girl in black t-shirt looks on
The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm .
The two children are on an amusement park ride .
The young boy in the orange shirt is sticking his tongue out while riding a ride .
Two boys enjoy a ride at an amusement park .
Two little boys playing a game , one with his mouth wide open .
Two little boys ride in a fairground ride .
A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture .
A group of smiling women .
A group of women hugging each other
A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them .
Many women sitting happily together smiling at the camera .
A dog catching a biscuit in its mouth .
A white dog catching a milkbone in his mouth
A white dog catching a treat in his mouth .
A white dog is jumping for a treat
A white dog , with a black collar , opens its mouth wide while in front of a white building .
A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket .
An elderly lady in sunglasses and a denim jacket .
an elderly woman wearing a denim jacket and sunglasses is posing for a picture in front of a green bush .
An older woman with gray hair wears sunglasses , a necklace , earrings , and blue shirt and jacket .
An old woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket smiles for the camera .
A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar .
A boy in a blue shirt is jumping backwards over a horizontal pool .
A child hanging upside down from a metal bar outside .
A young boy swinging upside down from a bar .
The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .
A black and a brown dog running in the grass .
A black dog and a brown dog are running towards camera .
Two dogs are chasing each other on green grass .
Two dogs run around in a field playing .
Two dogs running .
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore .
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore .
Two boys play with two dogs next to the ocean .
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Three people are talking in front of an airport
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
Three people talking on a city street .
Three young adults talk in a crowd of people , the woman looks upset .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street ,
A girl with a blue Mohawk is walking .
A woman with a blue Mohawk holds a child 's hand while waiting to cross the street .
A woman with a blue Mohawk holding the hand of a little boy with a green striped shirt on a street corner .
A woman with a blue Mohawk is walking with a small child .
A young woman with a blue Mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler 's hand who is looking to the left .
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide .
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
A little girl lands at the bottom of a slide .
A young girl reaches the bottom of a slide .
a young girl sliding down a tan plastic slide
Three boys leaping into a swimming pool .
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool .
Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together .
Three young boys hold hands as they jump into the blue pool .
Three young boys in blue swimming trunks hold hands and jump into an inground pool .
A black and white dog is running in the grass .
A black and white dog running away across the grass .
A black and white shorthair dog runs across brown and green grass .
A dog sprints across a grassy field .
The brown and white dog is running through a field .
A boy held by a man points his arm towards the sky , as another boy peers through his hands into the air .
A boy in a blue and white shirt is pointing up and a second boy in a white shirt shields his eyes .
a man holding a young boy on his shoulder .
One child is pointing to the sky and another is trying to block the sun to look
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air .
A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football .
The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .
Two football players playing football before a huge crowd .
Two football players run into each other .
Two men vie for a football .
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
A girl in a red sundress rides a bike past a white picket fence .
A girl wearing pink rides a yellow bike near a white fence .
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large , fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field .
A young boy climbing a tree in grassy hills .
A woman and child with an umbrella walk through the street in the pouring rain .
a woman in a colorful sari walks with a small boy who is carrying an umbrella through a busy city in the pouring rain .
A woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street
A woman walking in the rain with a child .
The lady and child walk to school in the rain .
A baseball player , a woman with Frisbees , and a dog in front of blue bleachers .
A blonde haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
A woman thows a Frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her .
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
A brown and white dog stands on his hind leg and barks .
A brown dog on his hind legs in the shadow of some trees .
A dog jumps in the woods .
A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches .
A white dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in the woods .
a black dog enjoys and ice cream cone .
A black dog has an ice cream cone in its mouth .
Black dog sitting while eating with neon yellow band around shoulders .
The black dog is wearing a lime green collar .
The furry black dog is wearing a neon yellow collar .
A boy looks suspiciously at someone nearby .
A group of people sit on pavement wearing dark shoes and warm clothes .
A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row .
A row of people sitting on the ground wearing matching heeled boots .
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk .
A child gets squirted while squirting a water gun .
A child with a squirt gun .
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water .
There is a kid spraying a water gun .
A tan dog and larger white dog run along the grass .
Two big dogs , brown and tan , are running in grass .
Two dogs running on grass
Two golden retreiver dogs are running on the grass .
Two large dogs running in some grass .
A baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
A baseball player slides toward a base .
a man in a grey uniform sliding into a base
Three men playing baseball .
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
The girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde women are smiling while one is holding a camera to capture their image .
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
Two young girls are taking a picture of themselves with a camera .
Four children playing basketball .
Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors .
Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach .
Kids playing basketball on a wood deck .
Young children shoot baskets in the field .
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park .
A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park .
A woman takes a picture of another in purple in a park .
one girl taking a picture of her friend
Two little girls playing in the parking lot .
A man in sunglasses and a hat is seen among a crowd .
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat near a crowd .
a man wears sunglasses and a hat .
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
A dog climbing a steep dirt hill .
A dog climbs a hill .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
A light brown dog is running up .
A light dog climbing a wall of dirt .
A group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track .
Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead .
Race dogs run around a curve .
The horses are racing along the dirt track .
Three muzzled greyhounds race around a turn in a track .
A man racing an orange motorcycle .
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle .
A motorcyclist races around a track .
An orange and white motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement .
A girl with blond hair offers a dimpled smile from under her black umbrella .
A lady posing while holding an umbrella .
A young blonde woman in black smiles under her black umbrella .
Blond woman with a black shirt is holding a black umbrella over her head .
The blonde haired woman is holding a black umbrella .
a chubby puppy dog with its tail cut off plays with a bag .
A dog wrestles with a plastic bag .
A small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk .
A white dog is playing with a plastic bag .
Small puppy stands on top of plastic bag .
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam .
The dog is jumping over a low yellow bar with other obstacles nearby .
The dog leaps across the yellow board .
The small furry dog is jumping over a low beam .
The terrier is performing a jump in an agility test .
A group of friends posing together in a park .
A group of people posing for a picture on the grass .
A group of people posing for a picture with the sun behind them .
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field
Young people pose for their picture in the countryside .
A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass .
A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth .
A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .
A child is looking through the glass at the child squirting a water hose onto the glass .
A little boy spays a hose at his brother who is on the other side of a window .
One child sprays a water hose at another who is inside behind a glass window .
One little boy is standing inside a house on one side of a window while another boy is outside squirting the window with a hose .
Dogs racing around a curve in the track .
greyhound dogs are running towards camera on a track .
Several horses are running a race on a muddy track .
Two muzzled greyhounds vie for the lead .
Two racing dogs round a turn in a dog track .
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them .
A man in a blue shirt reads a paper behind a broken seat .
A man reads quietly alone in room .
Man in a blue shirt with hand on forehead behind two cushions .
Man looking over paperwork with a broken couch in front .
A boat with people and their belongings is in the water .
A brown boat is packed with goods and people .
A large group of people and possessions packed into a small boat .
A lot of men and motorcycles float on a canoe .
People are riding in a boat with oars .
A cyclist donning blue and white is leading a pack of cyclists .
A large column of bicyclists is cycling down a road .
A pack of bicycle road racers lean through a curve .
A pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race .
Cyclists competing in a race are coming around a bend in the road .
Four dogs splashing in the water
Three brown and black dogs are splashing in the water .
Three brown dogs are in the water .
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea .
Three dogs playing in water .
A man and a woman in a brown room posing for the camera .
A man in a striped shirt hugging a blond short-haired woman with a black apron on .
A man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron .
A man is standing next to a woman , with his arm around her waist .
A man with glasses is standing next to a woman with blonde hair .
a dog chasing a Frisbee into the water
A dog holding a Frisbee walking in the water .
A dog is running through the water with an orange object in its mouth .
a dog playing in the water
Dog running on water with a Frisbee in its mouth .
An african american woman with 2 young girls .
A woman in a bathing suit poses with two little girls .
A woman in a swimming suit holds her two young daughters .
A woman and two little girls wearing swimsuits .
The woman in the swimming suit is holding up two young girls in swimming suits
A boy in a tank top skateboarding .
A boy skateboards down the street .
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street
A man wearing shorts and a tank top riding a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt
A blond girl standing in a crowd holding a goat on a leash .
A girl holding a sheep by the leash in a busy fair setting
A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep .
A little girl is in a crowd of people holding a rope attached to a sheep .
The young girl is holding a yellow leash attached to a sheep .
A baby boy has spread food all over his arms , face and plate .
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .
A baby makes a big mess with cake .
A very messy baby eating a cake .
A young boy with blue eyes is covered in blue cake .
Children playing outside in a fountain .
Two boys in underwear play in the water in the city street .
Two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers .
Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza .
Two young boys play in the water that has collected on the street .
A child leans over a vat .
A child playing with water in a children 's discovery museum .
A child plays in a multi-colored fountain .
A little child playing in water with a hose .
A young child is playing in a water tank with toys .
Boys with their backs against an incoming wave .
Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .
Four people sitting in the path of a wave .
Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave .
three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave
A girl is playing on a homemade swing that hangs from a tree over water .
A girl is sitting on a crudely made swing above the water .
A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing .
A girl swinging from a tree on a rope over crashing waves .
A girl swings on a tree over breaking waves .
A girl in a yellow shirt plays in the water .
A girl wearing a yellow dress is playing in water while others are watching .
A little girl dressed in yellow splashes in a shallow pool .
a little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park
Young girl in wading pool with onlooker in red shirt and backpack standing on the side
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a business building .
Skateboarder on the gray steps on a large building
Skateboarders do tricks on steps outside of building .
Two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building .
Two kids are skateboarding .
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
The parasailer is skipping across the water .
A dog wearing a muzzle is racing around a corner .
A dog with his eyes bulging out runs in front of another running dog .
There are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track .
The two greyhounds are racing around a corner .
Two horses are neck to neck at a race .
a brown dog chewing at his own tail
a brown dog is rolling around on the grass .
A dog biting at its own rear .
A dog rolls in the grass .
Dog rolling on the ground .
A black and tan dog plays with a stuffed toy .
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .
A doberman jumping in the air playing with a toy
A dog playing with its toy .
Black dog playing with a white and blue toy .
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .
A man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers .
A man drives a vehicle with a child on his lap .
Man and little boy driving a large brown SUV .
There is a man with a small boy on his lap sitting in the drivers seat of a jeep .
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city .
A police officer directs traffic on a city street .
People in the middle of city street surrounded by large buildings .
The man in the purple shirt is walking towards the policeman who is standing on the pedestrian crossing .
A bald man in a blue polo shirt stands next to a brick building .
a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a building
A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
A nearly bald man in a blue shirt and dark glasses waits on the lawn by an empty street .
Man in blue shirt standing on the sidewalk .
A bald man demonstarting how high his brown and black dog can jump .
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it .
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog .
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick .
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
a man and boy sit in the driver seat .
A man holds a child on his lap while driving a truck .
A man sits with a little boy in the drivers seat of a jeep .
A young boy sits on the lap of a man behind the wheel of a vehicle .
The boy is sitting in the lap of the car 's driver and helping to steer .
A baby dressed in blue , with a watch .
A baby wearing a watch .
a baby with a wristwatch is curious about something
A child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch .
A young child in a blue outfit plays with a watch he is wearing .
A little girl in a red dress and white hat holding two ZARA blue bags .
A little girl in a red dress is carrying shopping bags .
A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara .
A toddler in a red dress carries two Zara shopping bags .
A young girl is carrying two large black shopping bags .
Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard .
Two men sit on benches on opposite sides near a billboard .
Two men sit on opposite sides of an advertisement in a bus shelter .
two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop
Two people wait at an enclosed bus stop on a bench with advertisement present .
A casual family stroll by the water .
A man , woman , and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea .
Child , man , and woman walking near the water .
The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water
Two adults and a small girl walk along an ocean boardwalk .
A couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio .
A couple sit on a patio overlooking the ocean .
Couple sitting on chairs by a stone wall overlooking the ocean .
Two adults sitting in chairs overlooking the ocean
Two people sit on a well kept stone path that overlooks a large body of water .
A man sits in a camping chair near the edge of a rock face over a body of water .
a man sits in a chair while holding a large pole .
A man sits on a folding chair on big block of ice , holding on to a rope .
Man sits on chair near edge of cliff fishing
The man hold a pole in the air , while sitting close to the cliffs edge .
A family in colorful clothing walking in the snow .
A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow .
A middle eastern family is walking
five people walk through the snow wearing exotic clothes .
Three women dressed in colorful clothes and head coverings and a man and boy are walking in the snow .
A girl in black sitting on a man 's lap on a subway .
A girl sitting on a man 's lap on a passenger train
A man and woman sit together on public transportation .
A woman is sitting on a man 's lap on a public transportation system .
A woman with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a black tank top sitting on the lap of a man with camo shorts and a white shirt on a subway .
A couple kisses at a concert .
A man and a woman kissing while at a show .
A man and woman kiss on a dance-floor while a band plays
A man kissing a woman in a crowd .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
A man and woman walking down the street .
A woman and man carrying bags walking along a road with others in the background .
There are two girls in the foreground of a group of people and they are both carrying shoulder book bags .
Two firends are at an outdoor concert , and one is searching for something in her blue bag .
Two flamboyantly dressed people at a walk featuring hundreds of people .
a man leans against a tree with a beer in hand .
A man stands against a tree while holding a drink .
A young man drinks near a tree .
A young man stands against a tree drinking from a cup .
The man is holding a drink at an event .
A brown dog jumps in the sand .
A brown skinny dog is jumping over a tuft of grass on a dirt pathway .
A dog is jumping over a bush on the beach .
A dog jumps on a sandy embankment near another dog .
The yellow dog kicks up sand as it jumps .
A boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below .
A man in red swim trunks is in midair above the people in the water below .
A man wearing orange swim trunks in jumping from a high rock into the water .
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake .
A brown , tan , and white dog and a black and white dog are playing with a tennis ball on a house deck .
A dog jumps to try to catch a yellow tennis ball on a patio .
Two dogs playing with a tennis ball
Two dogs play with a green ball on a wooden deck .
two fluffy dogs jumping to catch a tennis ball .
A man in blue clothing sorts through the contents of a plastic bag .
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag .
a woman bends down to reach in a plastic bag .
The man in the blue jacket is reaching into a white bag .
The man in the blue jacket is rummaging through a white plastic bag at the roadside .
A woman smiles in front of an ocean view .
A woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling .
a young woman posing in front of a beautiful beach scene .
The woman in glasses is smiling with the ocean in the background
Woman standing on a hill in front of the ocean .
A little boy at the steering wheel of a vehicle .
a small baby sitting in a car behind the steering wheel
A young boy pretends to drive the car , with his hand on the horn .
Little boy sits in car 's driver 's seat , grabbing the steering wheel .
This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car .
a brown and white dog jumping on a sandy beach
A brown and white dog moving forward with two forelegs in the air and two hind legs on the ground .
A dog takes off running on the sand .
dog running on two legs
The white dog is running on the sand in front of fallen bushes .
A little girl in a pink shirt sticks out her tongue .
A young girl showing her purple tongue
A young girl sticking out her tongue .
broken image
Young blonde girl displays a colored tongue .
A greyhound racing .
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
Sand is kicked up as two animals run .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
a bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
A cyclist is performing a jump whilst other cyclists stand by and watch .
A guy is doing a trick on a bike .
Someone on a bike is performing an aerial trick while other bikers watch .
The trick bicyclist gets airborne off the ramp .
A woman in a swimsuit is standing on top of the cliff taking a photograph of the man carrying the backpack .
A woman takes a picture of a man on the edge of a cliff .
The couple takes a hike along the bluff .
Two people are standing on a cliff in the summer .
two people on the top of a cliff
A big black dog with fluffy fur runs in the surf of a rocky shore .
A black dog jumps through the water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
The black dog is in the water on the shore .
The black dog is running through the water .
a boy does a gymnastic trick under a tree .
A boy does a toe touch in front of a tree .
A boy in brown nearly touches his feet with his hands in the air .
A boy leaping to perform a toe-touch in front of a tree .
A young man is jumping up into the air and touching his toes .
A climber on some rocks .
A man climbing the rocky face of a mountain .
A man rock climbing .
A shirtless person with jeans is climbing a rocky mountainside .
Extreme rock wall climbing
A child plays outdoors , near a group of people who are mostly seated .
A little blond boy is running around in the grass behind a row of benches
A little boy is running towards a group of people .
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage .
A small child wearing blue smiles as he stands behind a group of people .
A child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door .
a child 's legs while squeezing through a dog door .
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
A child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window .
A kid climbs through a small door .
A boy in a red shirt and white shorts is standing in the sand .
A boy runs along a beach while a group of young girls watch .
a boy sprints across the sand .
A boy wearing a red shirt is running through the sand .
The blonde girl is watching the boy run barefoot on the ground .
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park
A girl with blonde hair is jumping off a tire swing
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building .
The little girl a striped shirt jumped out of a swing .
Young girl jumping off a swing .
A dog is on a leash by a tree
A dog on a leash defecating on grass
A dog on a leash near a tree .
A white and brown dog is pooping whist attached to leash by a tree .
A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside .
A man in a yellow jacket standing on a rock in front of mountains .
A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area .
A man on top of a high mountain
A man standing on the ledge of a mountain with mountains a blue skies in the background .
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain .
A boy in goggles plays in a pool .
a boy jumps into a pool .
A boy makes a splash as he leaps into the swimming pool .
A boy wearing goggles jumps into a blue swimming pool .
Boy swimming in blue pool .
A man walking while holding a hat on a stick .
An Asian man balancing a hat on a stick
A person holds a very small umbrella .
Older man holds a baseball hat above his head with a pole .
The man in the glasses holds something on a stick .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags .
Bald , older man sits in gray stone area with bags , clapping hands .
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb .
Man with grey beard sitting on the sidewalk with bags on either side of him .
a dog plays with his toy .
A dog runs in the grss with a green toy in its mouth .
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
The big dog has a green toy in its mouth .
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
A girl is cold after coming out of the pool and is covered by a towel .
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool .
a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel .
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
A woman wearing a red and black outfit standing in front of a building playing a violin .
A woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in front of a brick building .
A woman wearing red playing a violin on a sidewalk .
Girl in red , with striped tights , playing violin outside of building .
The girl in red and black is holding a violin and bow .
A pack of black dogs running in grass .
Five black dogs run in a field .
Five black dogs running across the grass .
Many black dogs run in a grassy area .
The black dogs are running in a grassy field
A dog goes headfirst into the long grass from the sand .
A dog is digging in the sand beneath some grass .
A light brown dog is poking his head into brush .
A tan dog digging a hole at the edge of the sand .
A yellow dog digs in the sand near grass .
A couple strolls down a path near benches and water .
A man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water .
A man and woman walk up a sidewalk away from the water .
a young couple walking on the sidewalk away from the beach .
The man with no shirt and flip flops looks at the women in white shorts .
A bike rider is doing a stunt on a bicycle over a forest .
A man doing a bicycle trick .
A man is attempting a stunt with a bicycle .
a man is performing an aerial jump on a bicycle in front of a mountain covered with pine trees .
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position .
A brown and white dog wearing a red harness is running through a dry field , ears flapping .
A dog bounds across the brown grass .
A dog runs in a field of brown grass .
A dog with floppy ears runs in a dry field .
A longeared dog running in the grass .
A bikers flips upside down .
A man does a flip trick on his bicycle .
A man is doing a back flip off a ramp on a mountain bike in the wild .
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
A man performs a back flip on his bmx bicycle .
A baby in a green bag peeks out .
A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag .
A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out .
Infant peers from a lime-green shopping bag
Little baby is peeking out of a green grocery bag .
A man with a many colored Mohawk smiling .
A man with a piercing and a rainbow colored Mohawk is looking off camera .
A person with a colorful Mohawk and tank top smiling .
A smiling person with a brightly colored Mohawk hairstyle .
A woman with a multicolored Mohawk , earring and grey tank top is smiling .
A dog is running away with a sandal in its mouth .
A large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal .
a large white puddle running along with a pink flip flop in its mouth
A white dog carries a pink flip-flop through the green yard .
Large white poodle carrying a pink flip flop outside .
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet .
Two girls hold up another girl and smile for the camera .
Two girls hold up their younger sister .
Two girls lift a third girl .
Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors .
A brown and black dog by a tree
A brown , black , and white dog barking up a tree .
A dog is perched up against a tree looking at the top .
A dog looking up a tree with his tongue hanging out .
A dog with its tongue out is trying to look up the tree .
A blond child is drinking from a garden hose .
A boy drinks from the water hose .
A child with a water house to his mouth .
a little boy drinks water from the green hose .
Young boy blows into a hose while sitting on the deck .
A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the waves .
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave .
A surfer in a black wetsuit surfs on a medium wave .
a surfer surfs a huge wave .
A boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head .
A little boy with frizzy hair on a slide
A young boy in an orange shirt has wild hair after sliding down a slide .
A young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide .
Two children playing with fireworks in shallow water
Two children wearing glow necklaces play with sparklers while standing in water .
Two men are playing with glow sticks and sparklers .
Two men play with fireworks on the beach .
Two people are standing in shallow water , waving sparklers around
A man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field .
A person jumping a 4-wheel off road vehicle .
A person riding a yellow ATV over tall grass .
A yellow ATV is airborne in field of long grass .
The person with a helmet is doing a jumping trick on a 4-wheeler .
A black and white dog is staring at two brown lambs .
A cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo .
a man in a pink shirt herding goats in a ring
A man uses two sticks to control two tan goats in a pen while a black and white dog watches .
The dog is herding sheep into a pen .
A man , feet fastened to a board and holding a tow-rope becomes airborne over the water .
A man water boarding .
A man waterskis .
A wakeboarder is doing a jumping trick in the water .
A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a pink rope .
a boy runs along the street .
A child running on the sidewalk .
a young boy running in a street race
A young boy runs in a race .
Blond child running in a race .
A big dog is biting a smaller dog on the leg
A dog bites the tail of another dog .
A large brown dog sniffs a small white dog 's behind .
a large brown dog trying to catch a small white puppy from behind
The large brown dog is sniffing a small white dog .
A black dog is in a dog race .
A black greyhound , with a green and white jersey ( # 7 ) is running on a track .
A black greyhound with the number seven is in the middle of a race .
A race dog with the number seven runs fast on a dog track .
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .
A girl and her child walking next to a mountain .
A woman is hiking towards an orange colored rock face .
A woman with a baby in a backpack , standing in a canyon .
The girl with a baby on her back stand and look at the tall mountain
Woman walking on a dirt path near a large copper boulder .
A man in blue and red face paint poses for a picture with a woman .
A woman is being held by a man with black and red paint on his face .
A young woman poses with a man in face paint .
two adults hug each other .
Wearing identical necklaces , a woman and a man with a painted face embrace .
Boys running up a stone road towards a brick building .
Four boys run away up an incline .
four children are running up a path towards a red brick building .
Four children run up a small hill .
The four children are running to a brick building .
A girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating .
A woman dressed in black with a hula hoop around her waist performs in front of diners .
A woman in black hula hoops in a park .
Lady in black hoolahoops on the street .
The woman hula hoops down the sidewalk .
People are riding on a ride at a theme park or carnival .
Riders in the log ride throw their arms in the air in enjoyment as they prepare for the watery descent .
Two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park .
Two people raise up their arms in a rollercoaster ride
Water log amusement park ride with people in it at night .
A girl with black gloves is running .
A woman is excersizing outside .
A woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves .
A woman is wearing purple and jogging .
Girl in purple exercises with blurry background .
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall .
A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view .
A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background .
an asian father and child stand in front of a large waterfall .
Man and Boy pose for a photo near a waterfall .
A black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs .
A black and brown dog rests on a blue couch .
A black dog looks up with his head on a blue carpeted step .
A black dog stretches his back on the first step of a staircase .
The rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair .
A little boy holds a bat waiting for the pitch on a tiled outdoor area wearing a red shirt , white shorts , and blue flip flops that are too big for him .
A little boy playing baseball outside wearing flip flops .
A little boy preparing to hit a baseball
a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat .
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back .
A woman in pink pants and a black tank top displays the tattoo on her back .
a woman wearing a black tank top revealing a large fairy tattoo .
A woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera .
The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back .
A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing .
Asian little boy with spiky hair and yellow shirt smiles on the beach .
A small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach .
A young Asian boy running on the sand
Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach .
A couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building .
A couple sitting on a bench in a park
A man and a woman on a bench facing a building with trees along the front of it .
Two people are sitting on a wooden bench by trees in front of a white building .
Two people sit on a park bench admiring the trees and large building they face .
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
A girl wearing a white coat standing in a fountain .
A girl wearing a white coat stands in the middle of sprinklers .
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains .
a woman in a white coat is standing amidst some fountains
A child in a blue shirt and orange swim trunks is underwater .
A child smiling at the camera while swimming underwater .
A child swims underwater in a pool .
A red haired girl in a blue T-shirt is swimming underwater in a pool .
Child dressed in blue is smiling underwater .
A little boy is running on the round playing with a little girl .
a young boy running after a young girl on a beach .
Two boys , one naked , one in a skirt , run on the sand .
Two kids chasing each other in the sand .
Two small children running on a beach .
A boy in a hat on a swing .
A boy rides a swing .
A little boy in blue and wearing a backwards cap is swinging .
A little boy on a swing .
Little boy on swing
a brightly decorated bicycle with cart with people walking around in the background
A street vending machine is parked while people walk by .
A street vendor on the corner of a busy intersection .
People on the city street walk past a puppet theater .
People walk around a mobile puppet theater in a big city .
A greyhound races on the dirt .
A greyhound races through the dirt .
A large brown dog with a muzzle is racing in the mud .
A tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand .
The yellow greyhound runs along the track muzzled .
A guy in black jacket eating .
A man eats a pastry .
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame .
A man in a black jacket is eating a pastry while standing next to two other men .
A man in black is eating a baked good near two elderly men .
Four people stand in front of trees .
Four young adults gathered outdoors
four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park .
In the Fall , college students return to their schools .
Two girls and two boys walking in a park .
A boy with a Mohawk is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt in a crowd of people .
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus .
A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people .
A man with a Mohawk walking on campus .
The man has a Mohawk .
Two children are in tobaggons at the top of a snow covered hill .
Two children go sledding .
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill .
Two children sitting on disks in the snow .
Two children sliding in the snow .
A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside .
A brown dog is running past wooden posts on the beach .
A dog running along the beach .
A tan dog runs along a beach near wood stumps .
The brown dog is running in front of the water and the wooden sticks .
A man in black shirt sits on a stool while trying to sell stuffed animals .
A man is outside selling various toys .
A vendor sells children 's toys as visitors walk by .
A vendor sells inflatable toys and stuffed animals on the sidewalk .
Man sits on stool beside toys .
A woman in brown shorts and green striped shirt stands with a small bag on her back .
a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips .
A woman is wearing a green striped shirt and a brown skirt .
Tattoed women in striped top wearing a backpack .
The woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back .
a balck and tan dog running through the snow .
A dog is running through the snow away from the wire fence .
A dog running through snow .
The dog is running through deep snow .
The dog is running through the snow .
A boy is splashed in the face by a playground toy at a water park .
A young boy at a water park being sprayed in the face by a spigot decorated to look like a seahorse .
A young boy is gettnig splashed in the face by a blue water toy .
The boy is running through the sprinklers .
The little boy is running through the sprinklers .
The three dogs are standing in the sand .
Three small dogs stand in the sand and stare at each other .
Three small dogs , two of which are sniffing noses .
Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach .
Two small dogs facing a third dog .
A girl holds her breath underwater in a pool .
A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool .
A girl underwater in a pool .
A little girl is swimming under the crystal blue water .
A young girl in a swimming pool is coming up for air after being underwater .
A girl and boy wearing swimming goggles have their arms around each other .
A little boy and a little girl wearing goggles pose next to a swimming pool .
The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles .
Two children in goggles standing beside a pool .
Two children with goggles stand before a pool .
A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle .
A motorcyclist is going a very high speeds .
A motorcyclist is speeding on a road .
A person rides a motorcycle quickly .
Motorcycle rider crouches on bike , blurry background .
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
Two mountain climbers stand atop a snowy peak .
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall , snowy mountain .
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .
Two people stand on the top of a snow covered mountain .
A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river .
A person in a kayak is going over a small waterfall .
A person kayaking down a small waterfall .
A person kayak 's over a waterfall .
The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .
A black dog jumps a horizontal bar in a grassy feild .
A black dog jumps a hurdle in a grassy area .
A black dog jumps over a pole on green grass .
A medium sized black dog jumps over a gate
The black dog is jumping over the white pole in the grass .
a crowd of people walk .
A group of runners carry an injured runner out of a race .
A man being carried by a group of other men , people looking on behind a barrier .
Group carrying injured man as spectators watch from behind fence .
The injured athlete is being carried by several people .
A boy is jumping over shallow water near some large rocks .
A child jumping in the air on the beach .
A child jumps in the air over the watery beach .
A little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean .
A young boy jumps for joy in front of a rock formation .
A black and white dog is swimming .
A dog swims in the water .
A dog swims through deep water .
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water .
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth .
A man and an old woman stand and look at somthing behind the photographer .
A man stands with several people silhouetted against a blue sky
A young man stares into the distance while an older lady looks the other way .
Group of people on a sunny day .
Several people are standing around under a clear blue sky .
A girl , in a green field , plays soccer .
A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass .
A girl prepares to kick a soccer ball while a boy looks on .
A male watches a young female playing soccer .
Two kids playing soccer in a field .
A little boy wearing a red wristband grins as he holds something .
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand .
A young boy smiling with something in his hand
a young man wearing a blue striped shirt standing in front of a floral patterened couch
Near a window and a chair , a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles .
a lone woman wearing a bikini on a beach walking a dog on a leash
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .
A woman in a bikini pulls a dog on a leash at the beach .
A woman is standing at the beach with her dog on a leash
A woman walking a dog on a beach .
A little boy in green goggles and a white life jacket jumps into the water .
A little boy in red shorts jumps into the water .
A person jumps off of a ledge into a body of water .
Boy with life jacket jumping into water
Guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water
a blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers
A girl in pink runs through a sprinkler .
A girl runs through sprinklers on a lawn .
A little girl in pink in running through a sprinkler .
A little girl wearing a pink dress is running across the grass .
A man in a blue jacket bikes down a forest path .
A man rides a bike down a trail in a pine forest .
A person on a bike rides through a wooded area .
Tall trees reach to the horizon as a cyclist navigates the way through the tangled roots .
The biker is riding through the woods .
A boy with an orange shirt lies on a bodyboard in the surf .
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
A young boy rides his boogie-board through the ocean spray .
A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard .
The child is on a boogie board , with waves splashing around .
A man is posing in front of a brick wall that has framed pictures on it .
A man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top .
a middle aged man is standing next to a white wall underneath some catholic theme pictures .
A smiling man in a check shirt stands below a row of religious pictures .
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
A dog racing around a track .
A dog racing on a track .
A greyhound with a muzzle runs on a racetrack .
A muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track .
a muzzled greyhound dog running around a track
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth .
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A boy jumps off a platform whilst two other boys stand and watch .
A child is jumping off a platform into a pool .
Three boys jumping off of a platform .
Three children on diving board , with one jumping off .
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform and one captured midair .
Two elderly females sitting on a white bench amongst trees .
Two elderly women sitting on a white bench .
Two older women sit on a park bench at the park .
Two older women sit on a white bench in a park .
Two senior women sit outside on a bench on a sunny day .
A group of people mill around while a man in a fish costume descends a staircase .
A group of people waiting in line for a game .
An overweight family with sling across bags stand near a group of people .
A woman in a red shirt stands by a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt in front of a stairway .
People walk in a building near a set of stairs .
A brown dog is running though some sand .
A dog is jumping in some sand .
A dog running in the sand , grass in the background .
A dog running through the sand .
A dog runs through sand .
Above view of multiple people skydiving .
A group of people are shown sky-diving as they fall through the sky .
A sky jumper falls toward the sea and the earth .
People are skydiving .
Skydivers in formation .
A girl shakes her hair in a swimming pool .
A person emerges from a pool of water , the water cascading from their hair .
A person is in the water and throwing their hair back .
a woman swinging her head out of the water
Woman 's long wet hair gives off spray in water
A black dog is in midair as a woman behind it cheers .
A black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background .
a black dog running really fast with a blond woman running after him in the background .
A woman in a blue shirt is running behind a black dog .
woman running after dog
A black and white dog is drooling whilst walking on the grass .
A black and white dog is running through grass .
Black and White Dog runs across a lawn while drooling .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
The black and white dog runs through the grass .
A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool
A girl jumping into a swimming pool
A girl jumps off of a diving board into a pool .
A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool .
A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool .
A little girl screams while wearing bows in her hair .
A small girl with colorful barettes in her hair yawns .
A toddler with colorful hairclips yawns at the window .
A young girl with hair ribbons yawning .
Girl screaming with bows in her hair .
A man shows off his tongue ring while posing with a girl .
A man sticks his tongue out at the camera , a woman smirks at it .
Man with a pierced tongue next to a woman .
The man and woman are sitting together and smiling .
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
A man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot at night .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
A man rides his skateboard with his shadow falling on a wall covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder grinding a lip .
A skateboarder is jumping through the air in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall .
A skateboarder performs tricks on a ramp in front of a wall with graffiti .
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
A boy on the beach casts a fishing pole in the water .
A little boy is holding a fishing rod .
A young boy wearing a black hoodie is holding a fishing pole .
A young male holding a fishing pole .
A red boat is paddled down the rapids by two people .
Two canooers paddle through some rapids .
Two people in jackets are rowing a canoe down a river .
Two people rafting down a river near pine trees .
Two people row a boat past rocks in water .
A couple in a red canoe paddle down a rough river lined with trees .
Two paddlers in a red canoe approach a couple of large rocks in the rushing river with conifers in the background .
Two people are in a canoe .
Two people canoeing down a river in a red canoe .
Two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest .
A boy jumps into water fully clothed .
A boy jumps into water while another watches .
A boys jumps in the water while another boy looks on .
A kid jumps over a small waterful while another boy looks on .
Two boys playing in a lake .
A girl in a green bathing suit jumps off a building into a lake .
A girl in a green bathing suit leaping into a lake .
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake .
A woman jumping into a lake
The girl is leaping into the lake .
A pale tan dog with a ball in its mouth waking in grass .
A white dog carries a white ball in its mouth .
A white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence .
The dog is holding a ball in his mouth .
The white dog has a ball in its mouth .
A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion .
A man is playing the accordion in an empty park .
A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion .
A man with an accordion sitting alongside a path .
Older man playing accordion on a street .
A dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam .
A woman and two children talk on a web cam to a man . Looks like a birthday party .
A woman and two little girls celebrate a birthday with a man over a web cam .
A woman sits with two children while a picture of a man is on the computer on the table .
A woman with two children , a cake , and a laptop .
A brown dog being chased in a rural area
A few brown dogs play in some dirt near woods .
a group of dogs running outside down a dirt trail .
The dogs are running outdoors near a wooded area .
Two brown dogs run along a gravel road while another dog watches .
A gray haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign .
An older woman sits under a sign advertising a 3 slice special .
A woman facing down is sitting under an advertisment .
A woman sits underneath a sale sign .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt sits on a wooden bench .
A girl plays in the surf at the beach .
A kid in an ocean rides a wave .
A little girl is jumping into a breaking wave on the beach .
a young man playing in a wave at the beach
This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water .
A man and a woman are staring into the ocean .
A man looking at a woman looking at water .
a young couple staring in front of the ocean .
Two people looking at a rocky view
Two women in coats look out into the surf .
A dachshund returning a tennis ball .
A dog is running through a low-cut field with a ball .
A little brown dog has a ball in its mouth .
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball .
The small brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head .
A man poses outside of some buildings .
A man stands next to signs for the wharfs .
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal .
A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf .
A man and a woman relaxing after a workout
A man and a woman resting after exercise .
A man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall .
There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him .
Two people stand against a wall after a workout .
A blond boy with a rubber innertube over his shoulder .
A boy holding a float .
A boy plays with a water tube .
A kid without a shirt uses an innertube for shade .
A young blond boy with long hair with a large innertube drapped around his body
A boy wearing brown shorts pouring water over his head .
A child in a standing in a stream dumps a bucket of water on his or her head .
A person is taking a blue bucket full of water and pouring it over themselves .
A young boy dumping a pail of water over his head .
A young child is standing in a river pouring a large green bucket of water over his head .
A girl in a pink bikini screaming at the end of a water slide emerging into a pool .
A girl laughing on a water slide .
A young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit at the bottom of a water slide .
Child in swimsuit squints and opens mouth as she lands at water slide bottom .
A brown dog has a ball in his mouth while playing in the fence .
A brown dog runs with a toy in his mouth through long green grass .
The brown dog is running through a field , with a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog is running through the dry grass with a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog with pointy ears is holding a ball in its mouth .
A blonde girl climbing on a play set .
A girl playing on a playground
A girl wearing a dress holds on to both rails of the climbing frame .
A young girl hanging from a jungle gym .
Girl in dress hanging on orange rails
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A young girl plays in the sand on a beach .
Child yelling and walking across sand , another figure and ocean in background .
The girl is running on the sand near the beach .
A guy with a backpack on .
A hiker is standing by a mound of rocks on the path .
A man hikes up a rocky hill .
A man with a backpack on a hill next to a rock outcroping .
A man with a backpack stands beside a rock .
A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair .
A person is flipping upside down while attached to some bungee cords .
A person is suspended by wires and poles against a blue sky .
A person wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with cables attached to him .
A shoeless strapped in individual jumping with rubber bands attached is airborne .
A person in a red striped hooded sweatshirt and jeans shorts walking on a grassy hill .
A person wearing a striped shirt is walking on a hill .
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill .
A woman walking across a hill with dark clouds in the background .
One person with a pink and black striped shirt and white shorts walking up a hill .
A black dog emerges from the water onto the sand , holding a white object in its mouth .
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth .
A boy playing on a playground
A boys plays at the playground .
A child in jeans and a t-shirt hangs from monkey-bars at a playground .
African-american boy is playing on playground .
A smiling boy hangs onto a zip-line structure at a playground .
a group of policeman in front of a glass building
A group of policemen are standing outside of a building .
A group of police officers outside a city building .
a group of police officers patroling the streets with a building in the background
Policemen are gathered around a glass building .
A brown and white dog is licking a dog that looks very similar .
A brown and white dog is licking a small brown terrier .
Two blurry dogs .
Two brown and white dogs are standing on a sidewalk .
Two small brown and white dogs stand together .
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is .
a brown dog is sniffing the ground by a cow that is standing behind a wooden fence .
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .
A dog and cow standing at a fence .
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A white dog running from a wooded area .
A white dog running through woods .
A white dog runs toward the camera .
Dog runs through trees toward camera
The white dog looks happy running .
Three black dogs are on a beach .
Three black dogs playing on the beach .
Three black dogs play on sand outside .
three dogs playing on a beach
Three large black dogs are playing on the shore near the ocean .
A group of children carrying poles and swords .
A group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords .
Children group together in front of a crowd , holding long sticks .
Kids standing in a line with family watching in the background
There is a group of 8 young children holding sticks while standing in the grass .
A person with long hair emerging from a pool of water , their hair whipping around , and water cascading from the hair .
A woman is flinging water with her hair .
A woman is throwing her wet hair back creating a pattern with the dripping water .
A woman whips her hair out of the water .
The spray from water ejected by a woman 's hair is reflecting the sunlight .
A boy eats with chopsticks .
A little boy is eating a piece of sushi with his chopsticks .
An Asian boy eats with chopsticks .
A young boy eats food with chopsticks .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks .
A Budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it .
A dragster is taking off and leaving a huge trail of smoke behind him .
A man is photographing a Budweiser sprint car at a speedway smoking its tires .
Red racing car on track blowing smoke
Smoke is spewing out of the back of a red race car on a racetrack .
A black and white dog jumping for a ball .
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is playing with a tennis ball near flowers .
There is a white and black dog jumping off the ground trying to catch a ball .
Two brown dogs race on a track .
Two dogs are racing and have muzzles on their mouths .
two dogs race around the course .
Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground .
Two racing dogs run in the mud .
A boy wearing a white headband is kicking a soccer ball down the field .
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
A soccer game is going on at sundown .
A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
At dusk , a soccer player kicks the ball off the sidelines .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd .
A man on a bike executes a jump as part of a competition while the crowd watches .
A man rides a yellow bike over a ramp while others watch .
Bike rider jumping obstacles .
Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp
A boy balances on something inflatable
A boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch .
A kid wearing safety gear stands on some material in the water .
Little kids play in the water while their friend poses on top of their raft .
There are two children in the water and one balancing on a float and they are all wearing helmets .
A woman has a finger pointing in her face .
A woman sits at a table near a window , with a plate and glass in front of her .
A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at .
A woman wearing a floral dress sits as a finger is pointed at her .
On the left , a hand points to a surprised looking woman with short hair sitting at a table in front of a window
A black race car spins its tires while smoke comes out .
A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people .
A broken down car during a race
Race car smoking very badly on the racetrack .
Red Bull-branded race car leaves smoke behind it in front of a crowd .
A man in a colorful outfit stands over a trashcan outdoors .
A man in a robe leaning against a trashcan and watching pedestrians .
A man wears a floral bathroom as he stands over a trashcan .
A person wearing clothes with a floral pattern leans on a trashcan cage .
person wearing a flowered robe holding a cup of coffee leaning on trashcan
Two men are standing beside a sign that says " Jesus or hell " .
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box .
Two men are talking on the street ; one is pointing at a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " beneath a red box , and the other is standing there listening .
Two men discuss a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " .
Two men talking by a red box and a poster
A carnival worker surrounded by stuffed animals .
A woman wearing a striped top stands near the stuffed animal prizes .
Lady in a stuffed animal store .
Woman wearing black and white striped shirt standing amongst stuffed animals hanging and on a shelf .
Woman with stuffed animal display .
A blonde-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy .
A little blonde girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house .
A smiling blond girl crawling into a moonwalk .
A young blond girl in a blue bouncy house .
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A dog jumping upside down in front of a man .
A man demonstrating his black and white dog performing a back flip .
A man in a white t-shirt watching a dog do a back flip
A man standing behind a small black and white dog doing a back flip .
Dog jumps backwards , doing trick with man outdoors .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while his owner runs beside him .
A dog owner is running alongside his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course .
a man runs with his dog at a dog show .
Man in red shirt watches dog on an agility course .
Two female beach volleyball players face off at the net with the Beijing Olympics logo visible in the background .
two female volleyball players try to hit the ball .
Two woman playing beach volleyball .
Two women in skimpy outfits play sand volleyball .
Two women play volleyball on the sand .
A boy in a yellow polo standing in tall grass
A kid hides from the camera in the overgrown bushes .
A little boy standing in very tall green grass .
Boy in striped shirt standing among the tall grasses .
The little boy in a yellow , striped shirt stands in some tall grass .
A boy in a soccer uniform running in a field during a game .
A boy in a soccer uniform running on a field
A boy in green and white looks alert during a soccer game .
A soccer player is running on the field
A soccer player running on the field .
brown dogs are running down a trail
A group of dogs runs down a path through dry grass and bushes .
A pack of dogs are running away down a trail .
Five brown dogs are walking down a grassy path .
Many dogs are running the same way in a field .
A child is yelling whilst on a roller coaster
A happy , excited boy on a roller coaster .
A kid is yelling while on a roller coaster .
A young boy screams on a roller coaster .
The blonde boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open .
A black dog running through a grassy yard carrying a large ball in its mouth .
A black dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
A dog runs in a yard with a deflated ball in its mouth .
a dog runs with a volleyball .
The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth .
A woman is attempting to walk a tightrope with onlookers nearby a rocky shored lake reflecting sun .
A woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sunsets .
A woman leaning to her right as the sun sets .
Girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
The woman is dancing on the shore of a lake at dusk .
A brown and white dog is looking at a tennis ball floating in a pool .
a brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball .
A brown and white dog walks down a ramp toward a pool of water in which a green tennis ball floats .
A dog descends a ramp into the pool to get a tennis ball .
A dog looking at a tennis ball floating in a pool .
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence .
A white dog is walking down a dirt road .
A white dog runs along a path , trailing a leash .
A white dog with a loose leash is on a dirt road
A white puppy walks down a dirt path trailing his leash on the ground behind him .
A boy in an orange snorkel mask swims underwater .
A kid is diving underwater while wearing swim gear and orange goggles .
Boy swims underwater with orange mask on .
The boy in red goggles swims underwater .
The little boy swims under the water .
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog .
The black and white dog is biting the brown and white dog .
Two dogs appear to be kissing with one another on flat ground .
Two dogs either fighting or playing together .
Two dogs play around at nighttime .
A boy jumping off a chair .
A boy jumps high indoors while a woman sleeps on a nearby couch .
A little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor .
A young boy becomes airborne in a family room setting while a woman rests behind him .
A young boy jumping off a chair
A boy in blue shorts running on a concrete surface while holding goggles .
A wet boy carrying goggles runs .
A young boy runs barefoot while wearing a blue swimsuit .
Boy wearing swim trunks holding goggles and running
The young athlete completes the swimming portion of the race .
A girl is outside a house with a pink hula hoop spinning around her upper leg .
A girl poses on a shady driveway .
A girl stands in a driveway .
A young girl stands barefoot on a driveway and uses a hula-hoop .
Child playing with a hula hoop on a cement driveway in housing alotment .
A crowd of people socializing at night .
A girl in an orange jacket talks on the phone while another girl smokes .
A woman in an orange jacket is talking on her cellphone .
A woman wearing orange stands in a crowd and talks on the phone .
The woman in orange talks on a cellphone whist standing in front of the woman who is smoking a cigarette .
A brown dog is splashing water in a yard .
A dog is on the grass shaking himself dry .
A dog splashes water while on green grass .
A dog tries to drink water from a sprinkler .
A tan dog shaking off some water on a lawn
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road .
A man on a bike is riding along the side of a country road
An older gentleman rides his bike along the side of a road in a rural area .
An old man rides a bicycle on a country road .
Man riding a bicycle down a road with clouds overhead .
A boy in a yellow tank top runs away from a crashing wave .
A buy with a pale on a beach .
A child runs away from an approaching wave .
A kid with a bucket runs from a wave
a little boy is running on the beach with a red bucket in his hand .
A bike rider jumping off his bike , doing a trick
A guy is doing a trick on a bike .
A man is performing a jumping trip on his bicycle .
A man with a bike jumps high above the concrete .
Bike rider jumps off of gray stone rise , does trick in air .
A baby in a red hooded sweatshirt clibing a red mat .
A baby wearing a red jacket climbs on a red table .
A little kid climbs a red mat on a festive carpet .
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat .
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment .
A man take a picture of a woman in a blue top and jeans standing on a stump near the water .
A woman balances on a stump while a man takes her picture .
A woman stands atop a waterside piling .
Man shooting picture of women at the beach .
The girl standing on the post by the water is having her picture taken by the man with the camera .
A small child on riding toy and a larger child on a small bicycle with training wheels .
The little boy in the red shirt looks at the smaller boy in an orange shirt while riding bikes .
Two children ride their bikes on the asphalt street .
Two little boys riding their bikes in the street .
Two young boys ride small bikes on the road of a neighborhood .
A brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean .
A dog bounds across the sandy beach with a stick in his mouth and water splashing off his paws .
A wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore .
The dog is running along the beach next to the ocean with a stick in its mouth .
The wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water .
Two brown and black dogs wrestle in the long grass .
Two dogs are jumping up at each other in a grassy field .
Two dogs jumping on each other .
Two dogs on their hind legs leaning against each other .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass with a chain link fence in the background .
A boy is walking through a parking lot filled with cars .
A child in red short and orange cap in a parking lot .
A young boy standing on a street watching the traffic
Child with striped shirt , red shorts and orange cap standing on pavement near cars .
The little girl in the red skirt and striped shirt is watching the line of traffic from the side of the road .
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle .
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse .
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle .
The person is sitting on top of a horse .
This person is sitting in a saddle .
A closeup of a small boy smiling while holding onto some playground equipment .
A little boy on a background posing for the camera .
A Little child in a red shirt holds on to playground equipments and smiles .
a young boy wearing a red shirt hanging around a brown pole
Child in red shirt and white shorts hanging onto a pole
A child running on a beach with seaguls flying around .
A child runs along the shore , while birds fly overhead .
A small child is running on the shore of the beach surrounded by birds .
a young boy wearing a gren shirt running on the beach
A young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him .
A boy and girl playing with buckets in a lawn sprinkler
A girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake .
A girl with a bucket of water is being chased by a boy with a bucket of water .
A young girl and young boy are playing with pails of water with the ocean in the background .
Children play in a sprinkler near a beach .
A dog catches a tennis ball .
A dog is running while catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
a small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
A small dog with a tennis ball in its mouth playing in a driveway .
The tan and white dog is running outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
An SUV is parked in a grassy field with mountains in the background , and a woman is looking through a telescope off into the distance .
A person holding a piece of equipment up to her eyes is standing in a large meadow near a blue vehicle .
A person in a field looks through a telescope while a blue car approaches or waits .
A woman is looking through binoculars while standing in front of a car that is parked near mountains .
A woman stands in a field near a car , and looks through binoculars .
A blue jeep sits in the middle of a stream running through a forested area .
A blue Land Rover is driving across a river .
A blue SUV drives in a stream surrounded by woodlands .
A blue SUV driving over a small creek .
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water , in a wooded area .
A man gathers kite string on the beach .
A man in a brown striped shirt is walking on the beach with a roll of string in his hand .
A man wearing jean is flying a kite near the shore .
A man with a polo shirt and jeans happily flies a kite .
The boy with the cap holds the kite string and spool while smiling .
A fisherman sits on the roll of chain .
a man in boots sitting on a machine
A man resting his legs on spool of metal cable .
A man wearing big , brown , rubber boots is sitting down of a machine with big chains .
a young man relaxing his legs on a pice of machinery
A person feeding a strawberry to a turtle
A tortoise attempts to eat a berry .
Someone feeds a strawberry to a turtle .
The tortoise is being fed an strawberry .
The turtle is being fed a strawberry
A dog jumps over a very high barrier at a competition
A woman leads a dog to jump a tall hurdle in a competition .
Lady in blue top and dark pants astride a white and brown dog leaping a hurdle .
The dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on .
The woman is guiding a brown and white dog over a tall white fence on an obstacle course .
A brown dog is running down a green and yellow obstacle .
A dog at a competition runs down a ramp .
A dog running down a ramp during a dog show .
A light brown dog is walking down a blue and yellow ramp .
The dog runs down the wooden ramp .
A brown and white dog is running around a pole .
A multicolored dog runs around obstacles on a course .
Collie dog races around a pole .
dog running around red and white poles
The dog is running around a white and pink pole .
A group of children sit on a skateboard half pipe .
A group of young children sit on the edge of a cement ledge .
Children sit at the top of a cement wall .
Six girls sit on painted pavement .
Six little girls are sitting on a cement hill .
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line .
A person wearing a blue helmet is hooking a pulley onto a thick steel wire .
A woman attaching a carabiner to a guide wire .
A woman in a helmet hooking up to a wire .
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable .
A car is in the water
A car sinking in water .
A land rover is being driven across a river .
A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond .
An automobile is submerged in water , almost to the door handles .
Four children are playing in some water .
Four young girls playing in the water .
Kids play in water .
Little girls play in the water .
Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A dog hurdles over a series of poles .
A dog is jumping over a series of colored gates .
A dog jumping over a beam
A small black dog jumping over gates
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him .
A hiker walks on a mountainside .
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountaintop .
A person in a white and red shirt and green backpack hiking on a mountain .
A person wearing red and white climbs a foggy mountain .
A boy and a girl are bending under a fence to look over a ledge .
Two children look down squeezing through a fence .
Two children peek through a fence and down at water .
Two children peer over a rusty ledge .
Two children trying to squeeze under some metal bars
A beige and white dog is running quickly across the grass .
A dog running in the grass .
A dog running on grass
A light-colored dog runs through the grass .
The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard .
A dog running down a dirt track .
A greyhound running a race .
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
Greyhound running on track with blue vest with a white numeral two .
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .
A girl about to eat watermelon and drink juice .
a little girl is sitting at a table with a jug of juice and some watermelon slices .
A little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon .
A young girl at a card table selling lemonade and watermelon .
Young girl sitting at a table selling lemonade and watermelon slices .
A beach with people standing on the sand
A woman with a green sunshade is passing a sales merchant on the beach .
Many people are walking along the beach on a clear day .
People dressed in bathing suits , dresses and shorts are on the beach , near an exhibit .
People standing on a beach , one under a green umbrella
A black dog in a grassy field fetching a colourful toy .
A black dog is running through long grass with a colorful toy in its mouth .
A dog catching a toy in a field
Black retriever plays with a multi-colored toy in dry grass .
The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field .
A young man sits on a couch and smokes .
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch .
Man smoking on a couch .
The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette .
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bagpipe .
A woman in a red dress playing an instrument .
A woman in a red medieval type dress playing a bagpipe or some similar instrument .
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe .
A woman wearing a red costume plays an instrument against a brick wall .
A person buried in moss .
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed .
A woman on the beach is covered in seaweed .
A young person is buried in a pile of seaweed on a beach .
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed .
A boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman .
A boy stopped on his bike on a bike trail as a woman passes by
A boy with a black shirt and white shorts on a bike is turning to look behind himself .
A little boy posing on his bike , wearing a helmet .
A young boy with a bicycle on a road going through a forest
Two children are in a blue amusement park ride .
Two children on a carnival ride , tree in background .
two children on a ride
Two children riding a blue rollercoaster smile .
Two kids ride an amusement park ride .
A man in a flannel shirt and black pants sits on a ship looking out through the railing .
A man in a flannel shirt sitting behind metal bars .
A man sits with his foot on a pole and smiles .
A man sitting on the ground props his feet up against the railing .
A young man in a plaid shirts sits on the deck of a boat .
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass .
A black and white dog returns a Frisbee .
A black , brown , and white dog is carrying a Frisbee .
a black , brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth .
A dog strolls , holding a Frisbee in its mouth .
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area .
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course .
A man runs with his dog as people watch from nearby tents .
The dog does an obstacle course with his trainer .
The man is training a dog to zigzag through poles .
A man talks on the phone with his feet up .
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone .
A man with his feet up using a telephone .
Seated man with red hat and green shirt is talking on the phone .
The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone .
A football player has the number 25 .
A football player , his helmet half off , looking at the ground .
A football player wearing a white uniform walks and looks down .
a university of Miami football player # 25 .
Closeup of football player # 25 .
A brown a dog and a black dog in the edge of the ocean with a wave under them boats are on the water in the background .
Two dogs , one brown and the other black , play in the surf in the shallow ocean water .
Two dogs playing in the waves .
two dogs play in the water .
Two dogs stand back to back in the ocean .
A brown dog jumps over colorful poles and numbered cones .
A dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle .
A large tan dog is jumping over hurdles on a course .
A tan dog jumping over an obstacle .
A tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate .
A football player prepares to throw the ball .
A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .
A man wearing a white uniform is playing football .
quarterback for University of Florida
The football player is preparing to make a play with onlookers nearby .
a brown dog jumping a wooden wall a few people standind around also
A large brown dog climbs over a tall fence while three people look on .
A police dog in training jumping over a large wall
Dog climbing over wall
People watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field .
A half naked man pushes against the trunk of a fig tree .
A man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge .
A man without a shirt on is rock climbing .
A shirtless man climbs a rock wall .
A very fit man is leaning against a tree .
a black and white dog with a stick in his mouth standing on a hill .
A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
A dog stands at the top of a mountain and looks on .
A dog stands on a hill looking towards the valley with a stick in its mouth .
brown dog holding stick in mouth
A black , white , and brown dog is playing with a green and pink ball on sand .
A dog is in the sand with a pink and green tennis ball in his mouth .
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand .
A small terrier plays with a tennis ball on the beach .
The white dog , with dark patches , is playing in the sand with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A black and white dog catches a Frisbee on a grassy field .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a white Frisbee .
A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee .
The black and white dog jumps in the air to catch the white Frisbee on the grassy field .
The dog leaps to attempt to catch the Frisbee .
A collie catches a white Frisbee at an obedience competition .
A dog is jumping up to catch a Frisbee in front of white tents at a dog show .
A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee as a man watches .
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee .
Dog jumping high in the air to catch a Frisbee .
Children participate in a martial arts tournament .
Two boys do martial arts on a blue mat .
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear spar on a mat .
Two children wearing martial arts gear fight on a blue mat .
Two children with red helmets engage in martial arts sparring .
A blond person climbs a sheer rock cliff face .
A girl climbing a rock face .
a girl on the very top of a large rock wall climbing .
A person climbs a rock face .
A person is climbing to the top of a rock cliff .
A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach .
An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby .
An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away .
A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore .
The boat rushed off .
A man in a pink shirt and sunglasses is sitting in the sun .
A man with sunglasses in a pink shirt .
An old man sitting down watching something .
A older man wearing a pink shirt and sunglasses sits , a woman behind him .
The man is wearing sunglasses and a pink shirt
Black poodle carrying red chew toy while playing with a brown poodle .
Black poodle with toy in mouth
One black dog with a toy and one yellow dog .
These two poodles , one black and one brown , are playing .
Two poodles playing with a red toy .
A person is standing on a surfboard and riding down a large wave .
A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it .
A surfer in a black wetsuit catching a wave while another one tries to catch up with him .
One surfer rides a wave while another surfer paddles at the base of the wave .
Someone is surfing along a wave with someone else swimming nearby .
A group of four friends are drinking alcohol at a party .
A man wearing black stands with three woman who have blonde hair .
Three blonde women stand next to a man with a black Nike cap and shirt with a cup of beer in his hand .
Three women and a man holding drinks pose for a picture .
Three women and a man pose together holding their drinks .
The black and brown dogs play in the snowy field .
Two brown dogs play in a snowy field .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in field of snow
Two long haired dogs play in the snow .
A child in a pool wearing water-wings .
A child in churning water at the edge of a pool , with orange water wings .
A child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties .
A child with orange and white water wings is playing in a pool .
a little boy is wearing water wings in a swimming pool .
An African man and a boy are standing behind a coarse wooden table in a blue room .
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room .
The person in the yellow shirt is sitting with a child at a wooden picnic table .
Two people sit in front of tables in a room with blue walls .
Two people sitting in a blue room with ratty wooden seats and tables .
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
Two people are wading in the water as the sun cascades off of the water .
Two people in water .
two people stand elbow deep in the ocean , watching the sunset .
two people swim in the water at sunset .
Three boys in a building under construction .
Three boys play in an unfinished building .
Three boys playing in an unfinished space .
Three little boys are playing on the floor of an unfinished house .
Two young boys sit and one young boy stands on an unfinished wooden floor .
A brown and white dog runs across the grass .
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass .
A dog running on the grass .
A dog runs around in a field .
The white and brown dog is running through the grass .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
A boy plays in the sand .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
The boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field .
Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field .
Three dogs play together in the field .
Two dogs are fighting over a toy and another dog is chasing them .
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field .
a man climber a large rock without any gear while his friends watch
A person climbing a rock while others are standing around and watching .
A person hangs off a large rock as other people watch .
A rock climber hangs from a ledge while others look on .
Man dangling from rock as spectators watch
a group of football players huddled together in the middle of the field .
A group of football players wearing orange and blue uniforms gather together on the field .
Football players in blue and orange uniforms are huddled together and hugging each other .
Football players in uniform embrace one another .
The men in the Gators helmets have their arms wrapped around each other .
A man in a hat and red shirt aims a cellphone at a person walking toward him on the sidewalk .
A man in a red sweatshirt and a hat is looking at his phone while another man in black walks closer to him down the sidewalk .
A man in a red sweatshirt and a straw hat uses a cellphone .
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .
A man with a hat taking a photo with his camera , while a passerby looks annoyed .
A blonde woman holds an umbrella over a race car driver .
A couple outside in the rain at a stockcar race that he is racing in .
A man is sitting in a race car near a woman with an umbrella .
A woman holding an umbrella over a person in a race car .
Lady holding umbrella over race car driver .
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away .
A man running across the grass towards a woman .
A woman stands in a field with her hands on her hips while a man runs up behind her .
The woman wearing black is standing in a grassy field as the man in the blue cap runs .
Two people in a field looking off-camera .
A boy climbing through branches .
A boy in a red shirt and blue shorts stands inside the branches of a large tree .
A boy in a red shirt walking on tree branches .
A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment .
A little boy in red walks in between branches in a tree .
A boy doing a trick on top of a guardrail on inline skates .
A person jumps onto a barrier .
A person wearing Rollerblades jumps over a yellow gate .
A young adult jumps on a yellow barricade .
Rollerblader grinding a yellow road barrier
A brown dog digging for a ball in the sand
A brown dog digs in the sand for an orange ball .
A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole .
A dog burrowing in the dirt trying to get an orange ball .
A dog digging for his ball in the sand .
A group of people sit near a large red brick building in the grass .
A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front .
It looks like a school with children sitting outside of it .
People sitting in a circle outside a large building .
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass .
A dog lays on a mattress on the porch .
A dog rolls on a mattress placed on a porch and scratches his back .
A spotted dog rolling over on a pad placed on a porch .
A white dog rolling on its back on a porch .
The spotted dog rolls on its back .
A child in colorful goggles plays in a pool .
A child is in a pool wearing shark goggles .
A girl with goggles on in a pool
A young girl swimming in green goggles
child with swim goggles with face submerged halfway
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper .
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets .
The man holding a newspaper is wearing a white suit , black shirt and black shoes .
The man is wearing a white suit and walking on the street .
A black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch a soccer ball .
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in a yard .
Black dog jumps for white ball .
Dog jumping to catch a soccer ball .
The black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch the ball .
A small boy holding a soccer ball for another boy to kick .
A very little boy is stopping a soccer ball from going into the goal .
A young boy playing goalie stops the soccer ball with his hands .
Children playing with a soccer ball near a goal net .
Two little boys in uniforms play soccer .
A cowboy is hanging upside down from a horse .
A man at the rodeo is riding his horse while upside down and not on the saddle
A man is riding upside down on the side of a horse at a rodeo .
A rodeo rider being thrown headfirst from a horse .
A rodeo rider doing a vertical trick on a brown horse as an audience looks on .
A girl blows a bubble in the water .
A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth .
A girl with brown eyes sits in the water .
The girl is swimming with only her head above the water .
The girl with brown hair swam in the water .
A boy in a red shirt and a boy in a yellow shirt are jumping on a trampoline outside .
Children jump on a trampoline .
Kids are jumping on a blue rimmed trampoline .
Two children are playing on a teal trampoline near greenery .
Two young boys jumps on a trampoline as two other children sit on it .
A man is kayaking in rough waters .
A man is kayaking through some white waters .
Man kayaking in a raging river .
Man kayaking down river rapids .
The man in the yellow jacket is paddling a red kayak through white water .
A photographer looks over the hills .
A woman in a red jacket is videotaping a natural landscape .
A woman with a camera looks out over rolling hills .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is looking at the view .
Lady in red shirt has her camera set up in the field to record something .
A baby girl in a white shirt and jeans sits on the grass by the street .
A girl toddler is sitting on the grass .
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm .
A young girl is sitting in the grass .
A young girl throwing a rock .
a woman is looking away from two small children playing in a fountain .
Two children and an adult are near the fountain .
Two children and a woman are playing in a water fountain .
Two children playing in public fountains
Woman , with two children playing in outdoor fountain .
A man in a cap and shorts sits on a metal bench reading a newspaper .
A man in a t-shirt , shorts and cap , sitting on a park bench , reading a paper .
A man reads the paper on a wood an iron park bench .
A man sits on a bench near a sidewalk , reading a newspaper .
A man sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
A black and white dog is jumping into the water .
A dog runs and plays in the water .
A little white and brown dog is running in the water .
A white and black dog leaps into water .
a white dog runs across the water .
A man in a brown jacket and beige cap is drinking from a Styrofoam cup .
A man in a jacket and cap is crouching down and drinking from a cup .
A man in a leather jacket drinking coffee .
A man is crouched down next to a building sipping a drink .
A man wearing a coat is leaned against wall drinking from a white cup .
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar .
A black and white dog jumps over a red and white pole while a boy in a green shirt watches .
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar .
A dog jumping over a pole with a boy in the background
Dog jumps over red and white pole while boy looks on
A man in a white shirt is standing in a tent holding a banjo or guitar .
A man is standing under a tent playing a guitar .
A man stands holding a string instrument .
A man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar .
a young bald man standing alone playing a banjo .
A man is lying on the grass next to a shopping cart .
A person is lying on the green grass and there is a small cart next to them .
A person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby .
There is a shopping cart and a person laying on the ground in a green field of grass .
There is one person lying in a large , green field .
A man stands with her arms folded outside a travel agency .
A woman leaning on a doorway to a store .
A woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed .
A woman stands outside a store .
The woman is standing with her arms folded by a blue door .
A man and a woman are wearing black and looking at something on the sidewalk .
A man and a woman standing in front of signs .
a man and women looking at magazines in a window .
A man puts his arm around a woman as they look at signs on the street .
Interracial couple stand together looking at a display on street
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
The two dogs , one of which is leaping in the air , are chasing a ball outdoors .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
A boy on a chained swing looks to the right and smiles .
A boy plays on a swing .
A boy riding on a swing .
A boy wearing a white t-shirt and a long sleeve plaid shirt is smiling while swinging .
A child on a swing-type ride .
A biker , all covered in mud , riding a blue bike .
Biker in muddy orange shirt riding blue racing bike
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike .
Person with orange shirt and black and white helmet riding bike
The man on the bike just finished riding through some mud .
Four black dogs run across the grass .
Four black dogs running over grass .
Four black dogs run together on bright green grass .
Four dogs run on field
The four large , black dogs are running on the grass .
A brown and white dog goes into water while looking back .
A brown dog is standing in a river with its head turned looking behind .
A very wet dog in a river .
A white dog with brown spots standing in water .
The brown and white dog is in the water .
a black dog splashes in the water .
a brown dog walking in a river with trees in the background
A large brown dog plays in the water .
A large sleek brown dog is standing in the water .
The large brown dog is walking into a shallow lake .
A man and a dog who are both wearing sunglasses take a ride .
A man is riding a motorcycle with his dog in the passenager seat .
A man on a motorcycle rides with a dog
A man rides a motorcycle with his dog in the sidecar .
A motorcycle has a sidecar with a dog wearing goggles in it .
A football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform .
Players on a football team scuffle in an attempt to get the ball .
Two football players are tackling an opposing football player with a referee nearby .
Two football players are tackling a third while a referee watches .
two football players tackle another football player .
A group of men are standing around during a sports game in a park .
Men in the park .
Men playing soccer in a field
Men standing on a grass field with trees in the background .
Nine men are playing a game in the park , shirts versus skins .
A boy in his boxers strikes a powerful pose .
a little boy in his underwear raises his left hand .
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall .
a young boy in green shorts with his fist in the air
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .
A soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team .
Guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black
Number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey .
The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white .
Three boys playing soccer .
A man on a bicycle jumping off a dirt ramp with one foot on the ground
A man on a bmx .
A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound .
A young man in tan shorts and green shirt is falling off his bicycle .
Man doing a jumping bike trick on dirt mound at night .
A man talks to a woman wearing a backpack .
A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street .
Man riding a bicycle as woman walks beside him on a street .
The woman carrying a backpack is facing the camera , while the man is turned away .
The woman in the white shirt and black backpack is walking with the man in the blue shirt .
A man in a black jacket with a black beard stares pensively .
A man in a jacket looks out .
A man sits and rubs his chin .
A man with a Mohawk and beard , with his hand on his chin looking off into the distance .
an asian man thinks to himself .
A man steers a speeding jet ski through a turn .
Two men are in a blue and white speed boat .
Two men are riding a blue and white jet ski .
Two people are driving a blue jet ski , leaving a trail of water in the air .
Two people jetskiing on a blue jet ski .
A man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs .
A man in a brown hat and bow-tie with a woman in a red flower hat .
A man wearing a gray hat stands with a woman wearing a red hat .
A man with facial hair and a hat stands next to a woman in a red hat in front of a staircase .
The man and woman are outside and something is drawing their attention .
Two men in hats stand on a wide sidewalk .
Two men standing on a street .
Two men wearing hats are standing on the path beside a brick building .
Two men wearing hats stand on the tree-lined sidewalk near a building .
Two men with hats on stand in the street .
A dog is chewing on a big branch .
a dog shews on a big stick .
A dog with a branch in its mouth .
A little dog chews on a big stick
Small dog chews on a big stick .
A dog catching a Frisbee with onlookers in the background .
A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee while people watch
A Jack Russel terrier catching a Frisbee in midair .
a small brown and white dog catching a Frisbee at a competition .
Dog catching a Frisbee on a field in front of an audience .
A green motorcycle is being ridden on a wet racetrack .
a man on a race bike
A man rides a green motorcycle on a wet racetrack .
A motorcycle racer is turning around a curve on a wet road .
Person riding a green racing motorcycle .
A lean dog races along a dirt track .
A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey , and muzzle
A white greyhound wearing a yellow and black jacket is running on a track .
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .
A white racing dog wearing the number 8 is midstride running down a track .
A girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table .
One girl is taking a picture of another girl outside .
One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table .
The girls playfully pose for photos for each other in the park .
Two women next to a picnic table .
A man looks across a city street at night .
a man sits in the city at night .
An elderly man is standing outside at night , gazing at the street .
A photograph taken at night of a street scene and a man looking in the street
This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic .
A blonde child swinging on a swing .
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging .
A young child in a swing wearing a skull and crossbones shirt .
The blonde haired child played on the swing .
The young girl in a cartoon shirt is enjoying a ride on a swing .
a black dog has caught a bird in its mouth .
A black dog in tall grass with a bird in its mouth .
A black dog standing in a field is holding a bird in his mouth .
Black retriever stands in the grass , holding a bird in its mouth .
The black dog in the field has something in its mouth .
A black man is wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt with a white undershirt .
A man in sunglasses smiles .
a man with dreeds wearing large black sunglasses
dark skinned man with sunglasses in a blue shirt
The man wearing a blue shirt has dreadlocks and sunglasses .
A man in bright orange shorts is skateboarding along a course with cones as two people observe in the background .
A man in orange shorts and knee pads is in a blurry picture .
A man in orange shorts , knee pads and a helmet , moves quickly on a street course .
a man in orange shorts moving really fast
A skater goes through a course .
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee .
A white dog is running towards the red Frisbee on the grass .
A white dog jumps above a red Frisbee that is rolling along the surface of a low cut field .
A white dog wearing a red collar jumps up after a red Frisbee .
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee .
A big white bird flies out of the water leaving a splash .
a crane flying just above a body of water
A white water bird taking flight from a lake .
Long-necked , flying white bird grazes water with black legs .
The white crane is landing in the water .
A black and a blonde dog are either playing or fighting with each other .
A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room .
Two dogs are jumping up at each other .
Two dogs fighting , one is black , the other beige .
Two dogs in a kennel on their hind legs facing one another .
A man wearing a straw hat smokes a cigarette .
A man with a straw hat is smoking a cigarette with a crowd nearby .
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette .
The man in the straw hat smokes a cigarette .
The man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette .
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball .
A little boy in a blue coat hits a ball with a stick .
A little boy in a blue jacket hits a baseball .
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball .
The boy in the blue jacket and grey cap is playing with a ball .
A ban in a grey swaetshirt picks out greens in a supermarket .
A man is taking a look at the food products .
A man looking at produce .
A man shopping for fresh lettuce in a market
An older man examines produce .
A beagle walks through the grass .
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A brown and tan dog walks through the green grass .
a smal hound dog walking through the grass outside .
The dog is walking through a grassy area .
A big brown dog jumps over a small black dog .
A big gold-colored dog jumping over a smaller black dog .
A large brown dog jumps over a small black dog .
A large golden retriever is jumping high over another smaller , black dog .
Large brown dog is jumping over a smaller black dog .
A large yellow vehicle leads two others in a race .
A yellow truck with Casterol branding leads a white truck and blue truck down the road .
trucks race around a racetrack , the yellow truck with the number five leads , followed by number 22 and number 29 .
Trucks race in an obstacle course .
Trucks racing
A crowd watches as two formula one cars leave the starting line .
A crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight .
A group of people watch a drag race at the beginning and see the fire from the cars .
People look at the flames coming from the cars at a drag race .
The drag racers take off the starting line .
A person has a mask , which has a red nose and a black bandanna , over his face .
A person in a scary mask .
A person wearing a clown mask is scratching his or her chin .
A person wearing a clown mask looks to the right .
A person wears a mask .
A group of young people pose for a group photo while a man does a bike jump .
A person jumping off a ramp on a bike over a crowd .
A topless guy jumping a ramp on a bike .
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
People cheer as a man rides a bmx bike in midair
A bicyclist with a green shirt rides through the woods
A man in green biking in the woods .
A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail .
A man rides a bike through a wooded trail .
A mountain biker is riding along a heavy dirt trail in a wooded area .
A person on a downhill skateboard .
A person wearing a helmet and red and silver jumpsuit is kneeling on a skateboard .
A person wearing a helmet begins to ride a skateboard down a street hill .
People in helmets racing down the street on skateboards .
People ride skateboards on a road .
Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper .
Two infants , one standing and one sitting , are in a bathroom .
Two little children playing in the bathroom .
Two little kids playing with toilet paper in the bathroom .
Two young children playing with toilet paper .
A boy plays goalie at a soccer game .
A goalie dives to prevent the ball from going into the goal .
A kid blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background .
A young boy dives for a ball near a soccer goal .
The blonde boy is stretching in front of the soccer goal .
A black dog in the water .
A black dog is walking through the water .
A black dog walking through water .
A black dog walks through the water .
A dark dog is in a body of water .
A group of people riding bicycles turn on a street .
a large group of bicycles racing on the street
A line of men on bicycles compete in a race
A tight crowd of bicyclers make a sharp turn in a race .
Lots of cyclists ride during a race .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog in front of 2 women .
A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog
Two dogs are being led into a building on leashes .
Two dogs one white and another tan are on leash with two women at an open doorway .
Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch .
Children and a few adults are playing in a water fountain on the ground .
In an urban fountain , a number of kids and a couple of adults wade through , barefooted .
People are gathered in a city and barefoot children stand near a water fountain .
People at a park with a public waterspout area .
People play in the fountain on a sunny day .
A biker doing a somersault with the bike in front of a crowd .
Biker performing jump while onlookers watch .
Someone doing a flipping trick on a red bicycle in front of a lot of people .
The athlete perfomed a trick as the large crown watched .
The rider on the red BMX bike does an inverted trick .
A man is jumping across a gap .
a man jumping from one building to another closeby
A man jumps off a large building onto the ground .
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another .
A young man jumps from one balcony to another .
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background .
Four women competitively rollerskating around an area .
four women rollerblade .
Three women participate in a roller derby .
Women skaters on a skating rink in athletic equipment .
A man on a motorcycle riding on his back tire .
A man on a yellow sport bike does a wheelie as his friend on a black bike catches up .
A yellow motorcyclist is popping a wheelie .
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel .
Two motorcyclists on a blurry road , one rider doing a wheelie .
A boy wearing a swimming cap and goggles running through water with another child swimming behind him .
Some swimmers in the water .
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake .
Two boys with blue swim caps in the murky water .
Young boys wading in blue swim caps .
A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard .
a man breathes fire .
A man breathing fire , obscured by a fence .
A night photo of a person making a fireball .
Two houses and fire
Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms .
Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball
Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer
Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball .
Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball .
A skateboarder wearing an orange shirt and orange helmet .
Men riding skateboards .
Two men , both wearing helmets , on skateboards with large wheels .
Two men on skateboards , and one has an orange helmet .
Two men skateboards at high speed .
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .
A man is sitting on a bench shading himself with an umbrella .
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .
Man on bench sleeping under umbrella for shade
The person in red and black is laying on a bench under a black umbrella .
A person wearing a bright pink wig and a yellow shirt , facing away and looking at the ocean .
A person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach .
A person with pink hair looking out at a beach .
Girl wearing a pink wig standing on the shore of a beach .
The person at the beach is wearing a pink wig .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
A large , white dog , with a fluffy tail is running on grass .
A white dog runs on the grass .
Large white dog running on grass
The white dog is running .
White dog running on the grass
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water .
a brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth .
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
Yellow dog catches ball in shallow waters .
A black and white dog frolicks in the water .
A black and white dog leaps through the water .
A black-and-white dog running in the water .
A black and white dog runs through the white water at a beach .
the black and white dog is running through the ocean .
A girl in a pick dress stands upside down .
A girl in a pink dress is standing on her head .
a girl in a pink tutu doing a handstand on a couch .
A girl in a pink tutu standing on her head .
a girl wearing pink does a handstand .
A man doing a skateboard trick in air while being videotaped .
A man performs a skateboard trick .
A teenager boy does a trick with his skateboard against a wall .
The boy is skateboarding .
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt jumps a ramp .
A small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car .
A toddler rides a plastic vehicle while another watches in the background .
A young child riding on a plastic yellow car
Child riding wheeled , yellow toy , with adult 's legs and another child in background .
Two girls are riding plastic cars , one yellow and one red .
Three dark haired little girls running across a field .
Three girls are running on a field in front of a fence .
Three girls run in a field outside .
Three girls run on a grassy field with a building in the background .
three little girls run on a soccer field .
A man in an orange shirt flips his skateboard on a suburban street .
A man in a red shirt is performing an aerial trick with a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A skateboarder in the air above his board on a residential street .
A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house .
The guy is wearing a red shirt and doing a aerial flip with his skateboard .
A boy is hanging upside down from a tire swing .
a boy is swinging upside-down with his head sticking through a tire .
A child upside down in a horizontal tire swing .
A young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it .
A young boy wearing a grey sweater , blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing .
A girl in a pink bicycle rides in front of a restaraunt .
A little girl in pink riding down the street on a pink and purple bike .
A young girl rides a bicycle past a cafe .
A young girl wearing pink is riding her bike in front of a store on a boardwalk .
Girl riding a bike on a street near many stores .
four girls play volleyball .
Four woman are playing on a beach as a huge ship passes in the background .
Four women in bathing suits are playing on the beach .
Slightly overweight women in bikinis are playing on a beach .
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean .
A man holding the hand of another man who has a tattoo on his arm .
A man that is standing up is holding the hand of another man that is sitting down .
A man wearing a hat inspects the tattooed arm of another man .
An elderly man is holding and looking at another man 's hand .
An older gentleman in a brown cap looking at a younger gentleman 's arm .
Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn .
Two dogs fight on the grass .
two dogs play together .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two large dogs are fighting with teeth bared near some trees .
A golden haired dog walking through shallow water
A large dog walking through water
Large brown dog walking in shallow water .
Light brown dog walking through water .
Orange dog walks in shallow water .
A girl is a blue and purple dress is hanging on a railing near a street while holding candy .
A little girl in a colorful dress and black boots holds a lollipop and plays near a fence .
A little girl in a dress and boots is holding a lolly pop and posing next to a fence .
A young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop .
little girl wearing dress and boots holding lollipop and fence
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera .
Three little kids are playing on a yard .
Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard .
Three young children are walking through a grassy yard .
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass .
A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth .
A dog swimming though water holding a stick .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A dog swims holding a large stick in his mouth in front of a city skyline .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A football player in mid stride holding a football .
A football player is running with a football .
A football player with a football is being pursued by another player .
An american footballer in a white strip who is carrying the ball is being pursued by another player in a black strip .
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
A white dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
a white dog jumping into a pool .
A white dog jumps into a pool .
A white dog jumps into a swimming pool .
The white dog jumps into the blue pool .
Four boys are playing at a playground
Four boys are playing at a wooden playground .
Four boys playing on a merry-go-round in a park .
Four boys playing on the inertia wheel at a park .
Four boys play on a merry-go-round at a park .
An elderly person in bright orange overalls is standing alongside a street .
A person wearing orange overalls stands on the sidewalk .
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .
The man in the red overalls stands on the sidewalk .
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .
A hockey player in black and white collides with another player wearing blue .
Hockey players collide on the ice .
The ice hockey player in white is tumbling in front of the player in blue .
Two hockey players bumps against each other while skating on the ice .
Two opposing hockey players collide .
A football player being tackled during a game .
A football player has his arms wrapped around the person holding the ball .
A football player in orange being tackled by a player in blue .
A young boy wearing orange is running with the football as the boy in blue tries to wrestle him to the ground .
Boy in orange jersey has the football and is being tackled .
A man in a blue shirt is rock climbing .
A man in blue is climbing up a rocky cliff with the help of secured cords .
An overhead view of a guy rock climbing .
A person in blue climbs up a very tall cliff , attached by red and blue ropes .
A rock climber makes his way up the mountain .
a man in blue shorts leaps from cliff into a lake .
A man in swimming trunks jumping off a rock into a lake .
A man jumps from a rock into the water .
a shirtless man jumps into the water .
The young man takes an acrobatic leap into the water .
A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain .
A mountain biker makes his way up a grassy path on his red bicycle .
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge .
Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking on a red bike .
A child wearing pink boots is splashing in a puddle behind the red truck .
A kid jumps in a puddle .
A little girl in her rain boots jumps in a puddle .
A little girl is about to jump into a mud puddle with her flower rain boots .
A little girl wearing rain boots is jumping off the sidewalk into a puddle of muddy water .
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water .
A boy standing in water doing a kick .
A boy standing with one leg in water and one leg held up over the surface .
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water .
A young boy kicks his leg up while standing in the water .
A group of men play soccer .
A rugby player has emerged from the pack with the ball in his hands .
Men playing a game in red uniforms
Rugby player in red gets ready to toss the ball .
Ruggers are competing in a fierce game of rugby
A dog in training to become a seeing-eye dog .
A dog wearing a bright green jacket .
A fluffy dog is wearing a green guard jacket for an elementary school .
a white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket .
a white puddle wearing a yellow school jacket on a lease
A black and brown dogs pulling a red leash .
A black dog chewing on a red leash .
A dog chews on his red leash .
A dog of dark color holds a red leash in his mouth .
a dog tugs on his red leash .
A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .
A large brown dog and a small grey dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them .
A large brown dog has his noce on the back of a small black dog .
A small black dog is shocked when a larger brown dog gives him a sniff .
The brown dog sniffs the back of a smaller black dog .
A boy bouncing on a trampoline .
A boy jumping on a trampoline .
A boy jumps on a trampoline .
A little boy in a white long sleeved t-shirt jumps on a trampoline .
Boy jumps on trampoline outside house .
A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field .
A dog and sheep run together .
A dog herds a sheep .
a sheep chases a dog .
The black and white dog is herding the sheep .
a girl wearing pink bounces on a bed
A little girl in a pink leotard is jumping and landing in a straddle split on a blue bed .
A young girl jumping with her mouth open .
Little girl in a pink Hello Kitty shirt is jumping .
The girl in pink does a midair leg splits .
A blue motorcycle is being driven on a racetrack .
A motorcycle racer leaning over to take a sharp turn .
A motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle
A race motorcycle takes a sharp turn on the track .
A sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit .
A monkey is jumping towards another monkey on a smooth rock .
A small monkey is jumping on top of another small monkey .
One monkey is jumping near another monkey on top of a wooden structure .
There is one small monkey jumping while another monkey watches .
twos small brown monkeys on a wall fighting with each other .
A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp .
Rollerblader in the air above a ramp .
Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose .
Skateboarder jumping from one quarterpipe to another .
Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp .
A motocross rider is on a dirt hill .
A person is riding a green motorcycle .
Biker with helmet riding a green dirt bike midair .
Green motorcycle moving fast down dirt path .
Motorcycle rider going over a bump .
Empty seats at a stadium , except for two people in green rain ponchos .
The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats .
Two lonely fans in green ponchos sit in a stadium .
Two people in green sit in an otherwise empty stadium .
Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .
A football fan showing his devotion by painting his face .
A person with face paint is staring at something from within a crowd .
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands .
NFL Fan with their face painted white , blue , and yellow .
The person with the face paint and football jersey is sitting in bleachers
A boy in jeans and a black shirt skating down a stair rail .
A skateboarder goes down a railing .
A teenager performing a trick on a stairway in public .
Man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading .
The teenage boy is grinding a skateboard on a steep rail .
A man and a woman with three bikes and a silver car .
A man and woman with bicycles stand by a silver car .
A man , woman and three bicycles are resting by a silver car .
Two bicyclists stand by a silver car with three bikes .
Two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car .
A young boy and a toddler play in a fountain in front of a building .
Two small children are playing in a sprinkler system .
Two toddlers are playing in a water fountain .
Two toddlers , one topless , one without pants , standing on a floor with water sprinklers .
Two young boys play in a fountain .
A group of people are gathered on a white pillared porch for a photo .
A group of people are sitting in front of a red brick and white trim building .
A group of people are sitting on the porch of a brick building .
A group of people gather in front of a red house .
A group of ten people posing outside of a classic-style building
A girl does a back bend on the beach .
A girl doing a back bend at the beach .
A girl performs a back bend in the ocean water .
A woman in a red , white and blue bathing suit doing a back bend on the beach .
A young girl , in a stars and stripes bathing suit , does a back flip on the beach .
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard .
A puppy is running across the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A tan dog with a red collar runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
Fluffy golden puppy holding yellow rings in mouth while running through grass
A boy wearing sunglasses on his head looks at the camera .
A child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt .
A young child with a dirty shirt is standing on a playground
Child in dirty white shirt and sunglasses standing in yard
Little boy who has played in the dirt standing near his swing set .
A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water .
A dog on a log looks at a splash in the water as another dog looks on .
dogs playing in a stream
Two dogs are staring at a splash in the water
Two dogs look at something splashing in the water .
children playing in a fountain
four children are playing in a water fountain in a city plaza .
Four children playing in water spouts .
Little kids are jumping around in the sprinklers .
Three children playing in a fountain .
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors .
A woman dressed in blue posing for a picture
A woman in a blue shirt and headscarf poses for a picture sitting at a picnic table .
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table .
A woman with matching light blue t-shirt and headscarf sits on a chair made of stone .
A couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door .
A man and woman standing by a blue double door with fish and they are pretending to be swimming .
A man dances as another holds her breath in front of a blue fish door .
The two people in t-shirts pretend to swim in front of two blue doors .
Two people pretending to be in the water next to a door with fish cutouts .
Two climbers are sitting on top of a mountain attached to ropes .
Two men in red helmets sit atop a rocky cliff .
Two mountain climbers sit on a mountain .
Two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .
Two smiling climbers with poles sit astride a mountain ridge .
A black and white dog runs towards the camera .
A white and black dog runs on the grass .
a white dog jumping towards the camera
Black and white dog running outside .
The white and black dog is on the grass .
A man pokes his head out of the red tent in the snow .
A person peeks out from a colorful tent in a vast field of snow .
A person poses inside of a tent surrounded by snow .
A woman smiles from inside a red tent that is surrounded by snow .
The hiker pokes out of her tent to find that snow is everywhere .
a child in a black shirt reaches for a white kitchen stove
A little kid in a black shirt and striped pants is playing with the controls on a stove .
a toddler in stripy pants is reaching for a white stove in a red floored kitchen .
A toddler is reaching up to touch a stove .
The toddler touches the white stove .
A cyclist is performing a jump by some trees .
A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees .
Bicyclist doing jumping trick in front of trees .
Bike rider jumping very high on his bike in the woods .
The man on the bicycle is doing a stunt through the air .
One child running a net through a bucket of water and another child filling a bucket .
Two children cleaning water in their village .
Two children ladle water and a blue watering can sits behind them .
Two children outside near a container of water and a watering pail
Two small children are gathering water from a large container .
A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard .
A guy skateboarding on the side of steps .
A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs .
A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall .
The skateboarder is balancing himself and his skateboard on the edge of a brick wall .
One boy follows another at the park .
One child is walking ahead of the other .
Two children in coats walking in a park
Two young children are walking through a park .
Two young kids are walking outside .
A biker rides a motorcycle on a racetrack
A man races a blue motorcycle on a track .
A motorcycle rider turns the motorcycle on its side while racing .
A motorcyclist takes a corner .
A race car driver in a Yamaha bicycle is turning on a racetrack .
a black dog is looking at the tabby cat that is sitting by the window .
A dog and cat sit by a table with toys on it .
A tawny cat is playing with a basket while a black dog watches .
Big black dog and kitten curiously looking at the wooden weave basket .
The pets play in the apartment .
A girl in a blue uniform raises her arm .
A young cheerleader is cheering
A young female cheerleader dressed in a blue uniform is cheering in front of a group of band members .
A young girl in a blue and white cheerleading costume holds her right arm up while her other hand is on her hip .
Girl in blue and white uniform doing cheers
A black dog bites a white dog on the grass .
A brown dog is nibbling at the white dog 's face .
A brown dog mouthing at a white dog .
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog .
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog .
A dark haired boy and dark haired girl stand on the grass .
Two children are walking towards a house with a red van parked outside .
Two children in the grass in front of a house .
Two children play outside in the yard .
Two kids play in the grass near a red car .
A man swings his racket at a tennis ball .
A man with no shirt is playing tennis .
A man without a shirt playing tennis .
A shirtless man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area .
A man is sitting on the sidewalk by a tree .
A man sits on a sidewalk .
A man sitting on a curb in a city park .
Little boy sitting on the sidewalk outside .
through the power lines , a man sits near an unusual shaped tree stump
A homeless man stands in the street with a black dog .
A man and a dog , with a shopping cart full of items .
An old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart .
An old man with a large belly is next to a filled shopping cart and a dog on the street .
A scruffy fat man is standing next to a dog and a shopping cart full of stuff .
Two beach volleyball players walk and talk together on the sand .
Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand .
Two women stand in the sand in their bikinis .
Two women wearing bikinis are walking on the sand .
Two women wearing bikinis on a sandy beach .
A girl in a white shirt poses and smiles as someone holds up a peace sign behind her .
A girl smiles while a boy makes a V sign behind her head .
Girl smiling for camera with boy giving her bunny ears
Smiling girl with white shirt with boy standing behind making rabbit ears behind her head .
The young girl is given rabbit ears by the young boy behind her .
A girl swinging
A small girl in a toddler swing
A young girl is smiling while swinging .
Blonde girl in pink and white dress swinging .
The young girl wearing a pink striped dress is swinging in the child 's swing .
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth .
A dog is in the paddling pool playing with a ball .
A dog plays with a ball in a kiddie pool .
A dog splashing in a small pool with a small football .
The white and black dog plays in a blue pool with a ball .
A man dressed like a rockstar poses in front of a brick wall .
A man with a heavy-metal hairstyle wearing a studded leather jacket and tight lace-up pants stands in front of a brick wall .
A man with a lot of jewelry and punk rock clothes poses against a brick wall .
A man with long blond hair and a lot of jewelry stands by a wall .
an older man with long blond hair wearing a rocker outfit
There is a man and a boy , both standing on one leg , with at least one arm sticking out .
Two men are posing oddly outdoors .
two men posing with their legs up with a train in the background
Two men put their arms and legs out to the side .
Two young men are both standing on one leg with their arms stretched out on the street .
A dog in a swimming pool and another dog on the edge of the pool .
A dog swims in a pool while another watches .
A dog swims in the pool while another dog watches from the deck .
A tan dog swims in a pool while a black and brown dog looks on .
Two dogs playing in a pool
A puppy sniffs a human foot that is resting on his face .
Black fuzzy dog with a humans foot in front of it .
Black puppy sniffing a human 's bare foot .
Person 's foot resting on fluffy black dog .
The black puppy is being touched by a foot .
A large elderly woman in a green stripy dress is carrying shopping bags along a cobbled street .
A woman in a striped dress walks with shopping bags .
Large woman carrying bags .
Older woman in striped dress , white jacket , walks down street with shopping bags .
Woman walking down the street with grocery bags
A boy and two men shooting off a water rocket at the beach .
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats .
A group of people launch an air rocket in front of a marina .
A lady and a little boy use a pump to launch a rocket at a marina .
A little boy made blasted something off with water .
A black and grey dog is playing with a blue ball outside .
A dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
a dog playing with a blue ball
A gray dog chases a blue soccer ball on the grass .
A graying dog is pushing a blue soccer ball downhill with his nose .
A boy in a blue shirt and white helmet is riding a white bike .
A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park .
A boy on a BMX bike
A cyclist riding on their front wheel on the asphalt .
The man is on a black and white bike .
A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway .
A small girl is looking at a pink and black ball , in a parking lot .
The little girl in the green dress is chasing after a pink ball .
The little girl is chasing after her pink soccer ball .
The young girl is playing on white rocks with a small pink ball .
a black , brown and white dog is running beside a green fence in a grassy garden .
A dog is galloping through the grass .
A dog runs through a lush , green lawn .
A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass .
Dog running through grass in fenced in area .
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand .
A man in an orange jacket stands on sand with a blue sky background .
A man is outside standing on sand with a bright blue sky around him .
A man standing on a sand dune and reaching to the sky .
Man screaming at the top of a sand dune .
Two asian children smile while hugging each other .
Two children grin and hug each other .
Two children hug and smile .
Two children smile for the camera .
Two kids hugging each other .
A boy jumps a skateboard while a man in a suit looks on .
A man walks past as a skateboarder flies over the steps .
a skateboarder jumps over a set of stairs .
A skateboarder performs a trick .
person on a skateboard in the air
A woman sitting at a sewing machine looks up .
A woman with glasses is sewing .
A woman works by a sewing machine .
Woman in colorful shirt works at sewing machine .
Woman with glasses working at a sewing machine .
There are two large dogs running about in a field .
Two brown dogs running in grass with fence and trees in the background .
Two brown dogs run through a grassy field .
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
Two red dogs running in green grass by a fence .
A man is parallel in the air , trying to kick the soccer ball past the goalie .
a soccer player in white attacks the ball with flying kick towards the goal of the player in red as another team member looks on .
A soccer player is jumping into the air to kick the soccer ball into the goal .
A soccer player is making a flying kick towards the goal .
A soccer player leaps sideways in the air to kick the ball .
A brown dog splashes in the water .
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore .
A dog near the shore of a body of water .
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore .
The brown dog is jumping out of the water
A guy doing a wallride on his bike
A person in a hooded sweatshirt is doing a bicycle trick off of a wall .
A person in grey is riding a bike on a brick wall .
a young person riding a bike on the side of a brick wall
A youth on a bicycle wearing a white sweater riding along a wall .
A boy is standing on the stairs with his arms folded .
A child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .
A child is standing beside a banister on a red carpeted stair .
a young blond boy smiling standing on a staircase
Little boy smiling on the stairs .
A boy does a trick on a skateboard .
A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete .
A skateboarder jumping in the street .
A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background .
Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick .
A man jumps off a rock into the water
Swimmers jump from rocks above blue-green water .
Two boys jump from rocks into a green mountain pool .
Two people jump off the rocks and into the greenish water below .
Two swimmers are jumping off the tall rock into the water .
A boy does a skateboard trick in the courtyard of a European city .
A boy in a brown shirt is doing a trick on his skateboard .
A teen doing a skateboard trick in front of a building .
A young man does a skateboard trick in a public place .
A young man jumps high while riding a skateboard .
A child holding onto handles sliding across a rope .
A little boy in black shorts and no shirt is holding on to handles as he flies down a rope .
A young boy is holding on and riding a zip line down a hill .
A young boy on a zip line with a red ladder in the background .
Blonde young boy rides a zip line in the woods .
A climber approaches the top of a cliff high above the surrounding terrain .
A climber is hanging on a rocky ledge high over a bridge .
A man is climbing a cliff high in the air .
A man is scaling a large cliff
A mountain climber nears the top of a steep , high rock face .
A couple with a small child is standing on a busy street .
A family is standing in front of a silver car in a metro area .
A family waits to cross a busy street .
The man in blue , woman in white , and child in blue stand before a silver car .
Two adults and a child wait to cross a street .
A brindle pitbull holds a dirt bike tire in its mouth .
A brown dog carrying a tire in its mouth .
A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire .
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth .
A tiger striped dog plays with a tire .
A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .
Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .
Two dogs in motion in a grassy field with small trees .
Two dogs play in a field .
Two dogs running through a field .
Firemen are battling a fire .
Firemen stand outside a burning building with lots of smoke .
The firefighters are just under the flames and smoke .
There is a group of firemen watching a huge fire in some buildings in the distance .
Three firefighters duck from fire and smoke coming from a building .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a back flip in the air .
A man in a jean jacket and jean pants is doing a back flip on a grassy area .
A person dressed in blue performing a back flip .
A person dressed in light blue with white shoes does a back flip in the grass .
Person doing backflips outside in the grass .
A group of women are all wearing orange bikina tops and orange saroog skirts .
A group of women in orange bathing suits and sarongs .
A group of women in orange swimsuits stand in a group , talking to each other .
A group of young women in orange hula outfits stand around .
Many females clothed in orange attire mingling
A group of workers are posing for a picture .
Four men are posing behind a cash register .
Four men are standing behind a counter that has a cash register and tips jar on it .
Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar .
Three men in t-shirts advertising hot dogs stand at a store counter .
A man on a motorized bike rides across a dirt road .
A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill .
A person on a dirt bike is riding up a sandy hill .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A man and a woman in front of a train .
A man and woman look to the right , the man is talking on a cellphone .
A woman and a man talking on his phone are at a train station
Man is on cellphone in front of train with a young woman behind him .
Two people , one on the phone , in front of a train .
A boy skateboards on a cement wall .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall .
Man skates along cement wall .
The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building .
A bicycler is riding a bike at a racing event .
A cyclist wearing a black helmet is riding by some black vans .
A person on a bicycle goes down the street .
Funky bicycle being raced
Man wearing helmet and racing gear on a bicycle
A little blonde girl going up a hill .
A little girl in a green shirt and pink shorts is running up a grassy hill near a pavilion .
A young girl is walking up a steep grassy hill .
The child in the green shirt is running up the hill with a picnic table behind her .
The little blond haired child is walking up the slope .
A boy in a swimsuit is playing in gushing water .
A boy in shorts stands next to a jet of water .
A child and two dogs play in the water .
A child in black shorts is splashing in a fountain .
A young boy plays in the sprinklers , allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm .
A boy on a surfboard in midair .
A surfer hangs in the air over the water .
A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves .
Young man surfing in the ocean .
Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water .
A black and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth on his hind legs
A black dog catches a Frisbee at a park .
A black dog with an orange bandanna catches a white Frisbee .
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .
Dog catching the Frisbee .
A black dog is running along the beach beside a brown dog in midair catching a stick in its mouth .
A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick .
A brown dog leaps into the air next to a black dog on a sandy bay .
On a beach , black and brown dog runs , brown dog jumps .
Two dogs are playing together
Four people in helmets racing on skateboards
People are racing down a road on skateboards .
People on skateboards racing around a track .
The four people skate at high speed on the curvy road .
the skateboard racers are coming around a curve in the road .
A blue motorcycle is jumping over some colored barrels .
A dirt biker lands on a ramp .
A man riding a blue motorcycle jumps over a ramp .
a motorcyclist jumping on a ramp
A motorcyclist rides down a ramp held up by colorful barrels .
A guy jumps high on his skateboard .
A male skateboarder is captured midair .
A man in midair on a skateboard .
A skateboarder flies thorugh the air while others watch .
A youth riding a skateboard is airborne amongst the basketball courts .
A football player carries the ball during a game .
A football player catches the ball as another tries to tackle him .
A football player in an orange jersey tries to escape with the ball from the tackler .
A football player is getting tackled .
The football player in the orange uniform has the ball in his arms .
A woman is running along the side of a road , casting her shadow on a concrete wall .
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall .
A woman runs beside a concrete wall .
Woman jogging beside the road .
Woman running on sidewalk
A holder and kicker for a football team dressed in orange , white and black play while onlookers behind them watch .
A kicker launches the football forward while the holder checks his fingers .
The football player wearing a white helmet and orange chairs swing his leg while the player next to him kneels .
Two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd .
Two young men on the same football team are wearing orange and white uniforms and playing on an outside field while coaches and other players watch .
A child with a pink hat and a white and pink shirt standing in grass .
A little girl in a football jersy and pink snow hat is standing on a football field .
A small child wearing a pink hat , bluejeans , and white shirt standing in a grass field .
A young girl wearing a pink hat stands on a grassy field .
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background .
A kayaker crashes against the force of the wave .
a lone person in a red boat on a wild river with only one padel
A man pilots a kayak through rough rapids .
A person riverrafting .
This person in a red kayak faces a challange in the rapids .
Two elderly women can be seen from a car talking next to a wall .
Two gray-haired women holding bags talk on the sidewalk near a road .
Two older women conversing near a wall as seen from the driver 's seat of a parked vehicle .
Two older women stand outdoors with their bags and talk .
Two women carrying bags stand outside next to a wall .
One dog baring teeth at two other dogs running on the sand .
One dog is bearing its teeth at the other two dogs as they run beside the water .
The dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs .
The three dogs are running through sand near a lake .
Three dogs fighting on the shore of a lake .
A closeup of a woman with short red hair .
A girl with neon red hair and eyebrows .
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows appears to be in mid-speach .
A woman with bright red hair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside .
The girl has red hair and eyebrows , multi-piercings in her ear , and a tattoo on her back .
A kayaker battles the rapids .
A kayaker paddles through churning rapids .
A man kayaking in wild foamy water .
A person canoeing through river rapids in a blue canoe .
Person in kayak with water splashing up and over person and kayak .
A black haired girl is eating corn on the cob .
A man is eating a piece of corn on the cob .
A man is nibbling on an ear of corn
A person with dark hair is eating a very large ear of corn .
The child with black hair is eating corn on the cob .
A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .
A man is rollerblading down a rail .
A rollerblader riding a handrail .
A skater leaps through the air near a railing
Skateboarder slides across rail in corridor .
A group of motocross racers lined up to start .
A group of people are sitting on dirt bikes in a grassy field .
A group of people on racing bikes on a field .
A line of people are sitting on their motorcycles .
A row of men on motorbikes line up in the grass .
A girl laughs while playing outside .
A little girl walks and laughs outside .
A smiling girl , carrying a toy in one hand , walking on a road .
A smiling girl plays in the street .
The little girl is carrying a pink and blue toy as she walks on the path .
a black and white dog is catching a Frisbee
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field .
The dog jumps to catch a flying disc .
A dog and his trainer at a challenge
A dog with a bandanna jumps through hoop .
A girl leads her dog over a hurdle .
A woman leading a grey and black spotted dog in a red bandanna through a competition .
A woman runs alongside her dog as he jumps a hurdle .
One football player wearing an orange jersey and one wearing a white jersey are set at the starting line .
Two college football players about to face off .
Two football players are getting ready to tackle each other
Two football players , one in an orange jersey and one in a white jersey , play on the field .
Two rival football players head to head .
A man wearing a black cap and black leather coat is sitting and reading a book .
A man wearing a black hat , coat and pants and a white shirt sitting at an outdoor table reading .
an older man reading a book at a table outside of a building .
An older man sitting outside reading a book .
An old man sitting in a chair , reading a book .
A man is skateboarding up a ramp .
A skateboarder hits a curve at the top of the skate park .
The man in a white shirt is skateboarding .
The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park .
The skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp .
A girl in a bikini , glasses and black hat laying on a white towel on the beach .
A girl in a black hat wears a bikini at the beach .
A woman in a black cap is laying on the beach in a pink bikini .
Girl with black hat and sunglasses lying on towel at beach
Young lady in bikini lying on the beach
A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench .
A child jumping off bleachers with a blue shirt .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air .
A girl jumps in the air .
A blond girl in shorts sits on the top of monkey bars .
A girl on monkey bars .
A girl sits on a red jungle gym .
A girl sits on a red play structure
A little girl on a red jungle gym .
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .
A rollerblader on a concrete form .
A skateboarder in the city .
A skateboarder skates on a white wall near the street .
The young man with black pants and a white t-shirt is riding along the top of the wall with his skateboard .
A baby reaching into a water fountain .
A baby sticking out his tonge while looking at a spraying water fountain .
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
A small boy is playing at a water fountain
A toddler plays in a water fountain with his mouth open and ready for a drink .
Motorcycle racers take a sharp turn .
Motorcyclists racing on a track .
People on motorbikes are coming around a turn .
Riders on colorful motorcycles lean into a turn on a racetrack .
The motorcyclists all turn together in the race .
Two boys and a dog playing catch in the water .
Two men and a dog are playing with a ball in front of the boats in the ocean .
Two men and a dog are playing with a ball in the water .
Two men toss a ball while standing in the water and a dog is with them .
Two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball .
A man is wakeboarding behind a boat .
A man on a white waterskiing ramp on a lake
A speed boat pulling a waterskier along a jump
A water boarder being towed down a water rail .
The man is being pulled behind a boat and doing tricks .
A man in a blue shirt looking to his right .
A man looks confused as he stands in front of a blue and white umbrella .
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face .
A white guy giving a dirty look .
A young man in a blue shirt sits in front of a group of blue and white umbrellas .
A black and white dog with a spotted face is running through a dirt field .
A dog is running .
a dog runs across the ground .
A white and black dog is running over dirt .
The black and white dog trots through the dirt .
A body of water at sunset .
A sunset over a lake .
A sunset sky over rippling water .
A water scene with a sunset in the background .
This is a beautiful sunset on the water .
A child plays on the floor .
A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk .
A small girl is sitting on the cement dropping some chalk
A young child plays with sidewalk chalk by dropping it on the gound .
A young girl throwing her pink chalk .
a lone surfboarder on a white surfboard flying through the air over a wave
An surfer airborne over a wave .
A surfer is jumping a wave .
A surfer jumps a wave .
Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
A dirt biker leaps through the air .
A person on a motorcyle does a stunt in the air .
Man on a dirt bike
Motocross rider during jump wearing black and white striped helmet
The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees .
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
Two dogs peeing on a fire hydrant .
Two dogs pee on the fire hydrant .
Two dogs urinating on a red fire hydrant .
A bald headed man in black balances his skateboard on a cement wall and his shadow follows .
A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him .
A skateboarder wearing a black shirt is doing a trick .
Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing .
The man is skateboarding .
A boy performs a trick on his skateboard on a rail .
a skateboarder grinds a red rail .
A teenage boy grinds across a bar on his skateboard .
A young man skateboards off a pink railing .
The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar .
A greyhound wearing a yellow jacket runs a race .
A greyhound wearing number 8 is racing .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Two greyhounds with numbers run in a race on a track .
two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track .
A little baby plays croquet .
A little girl plays croquet next to a truck .
The child is playing croquette by the truck .
The kid is in front of a car with a put and a ball .
The little boy is playing with a croquet hammer and ball beside the car .
A little boy drinks water from a fountain while another little boy watches and makes a face .
An older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches .
Two boys are at an outdoor water fountain .
Two boys are getting drinks out of a water fountain .
Two boys stand near a drinking fountain as one takes a drink .
prarie dogs that are spotted with , brown black and white
A group of coyotes look away from the camera while standing in a dry field .
Four dogs are standing in a dry grassy field .
Four multicolored dog like animals in a dryed grass field .
Four wild dogs in a dry field .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
a young boy jumping from a bunk bed on a smaller bed .
A couple of smiling little boys ride together in a plastic chair-swing , one on the other 's lap .
Children swinging on a blue swing in the park .
The two children swinging together on a swing .
Two little kids laugh on a blue swing .
Two smiling , small children , one child holding the other on a swing .
a lone bicyclist jumping in the air over a ramp .
A man does bike jumps in the dark in an empty pool .
A man is doing a trick on his bike in a skatepark .
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
A person on a bike in the air over a ramp .
Airplane controller is outside white airplane .
A man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip .
Men are standing near a small plane on a runway .
the dashboard of a small plane .
The gauges of a small flying vessel , with another plane and three people in the background .
A group of men hold a drum over their heads with a man standing on it .
A man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others .
Man without shirt standing on top of a drum that people are holding in the air .
One musician is standing on a musical drum which has been lifted in the air by a few people at the concert and another musician is playing another musical instrument .
The long haired man is balancing on a drum that is being carried by men in white shirts .
A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .
A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings .
a woman sitting down with her hand proped under her chin
A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right .
The woman is resting her head on her hand and sitting in a crowded area .
Four kayakers and canoers near a rock wall .
Four kayakers on a moutain stream .
four kayakers paddle through the water .
Four people are kayaking in a river .
Four people , in colorful kayaks , are on the water on a sunny day .
A biker jumping extremely high .
A guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle .
A man rides off of a jump and does a trick in air .
An extreme mountain biker making a leap across rough terrain in the woods .
The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump .
A boy is skateboarding in a skateboard park .
A young skateboarder rolls down a graffiti-covered ramp .
skateboarder sliding down a ramp
The rider skates down the stair rails .
The skater is descending the wooden wall beside the slope .
Two blond dogs fight in a living room .
two brown dogs playing around with each other in a house .
Two dogs bite each others faces inside of a house .
Two dogs biting at each other .
Two dogs play rough with each other indoors .
A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots running down the street
A little girl in a yellow dress is prancing down the sidewalk .
A little girl in pink boots runs down the street .
A young girl in a dress runs along a street toward the camera .
The little girl in the yellow dress and the pink boots strides down the sidewalk .
A girl in a yellow dress jump ropes .
A girl skips rope .
A girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope .
A little girl in a yellow dress jumping rope .
The little girl in the yellow dress is jumping over a red and green rope .
A guy is pointing with a girl sitting beside him .
A man and a woman are smiling
An Asian man and woman smile while the man points to something to the right of the picture .
There is an Asian man and woman , both smiling , and he is pointing at her .
two people laugh .
A dog staring at the end of an ice cream cone .
A shaggy white dog eyes the remaining part of an ice cream cone .
A white shaggy dog wants a bite of its owners ice cream cone .
Dog looking at food being held by person .
The shaggy dog is looking at the last of an ice cream cone .
A bicycle stunt jump is being perforced in a city .
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp .
A Man is jumping his bicycle over a pyramid .
A young boy is in the air after turning a trick on his bike on a pyramid ramp .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid .
A female in blue jeans sitting with luggage against a wall
A girl sits against a white wall with her belongings beside her .
A woman sits against a wall in a fancy building .
A woman with blond hair is sitting in a room or hallway with her luggage .
A young blond woman rests next to some luggage .
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
a girl in along grass field is spinning some yellow material around her .
A woman in a field enjoys her clothing being blown by the wind .
A young woman in a sunny meadow watches her yellow scarf blow in the wind .
Woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
A guy rowing a yellow canoe down a river .
A lone , yellow canoe being paddled through a river .
A man on a scenic canoe trip .
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .
Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river .
A couple are walking along a street while the man carries a toddler over one shoulder .
A couple is walking away while an infant sleeps on the father 's shoulders .
A man carries a child while he walks with a woman .
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .
The man walking next to the woman up the steps has a sleeping child on his shoulder .
A man doing a skate trick on a metal railing .
An inline skater going down a handrail
a rollerblader grinds a rail .
A skateboarder at dusk .
Boy skating on a railing in a parking lot .
A group of kids float in the middle of a pond .
A group of people are paddling their way across the water .
Children float on the water in a raft .
Eight children wearing life jackets are in the water on a raft made of innertubes and noodles .
Some children are sitting on rafts in a lake .
A man and a child going down a water slide .
A man carries a little boy down a water slide and makes a big splash .
A man holding a boy on a raft .
A man holds up a child while sitting in a pool of water situated on a tarp and grassy field .
Two people go down a water slide on a raft .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
A biker on top of a shallow hill attempts a trick nearby a gate and grassy area .
A man stands on the front wheel of his bicycle , doing a trick .
A person does tricks on their bike .
Man is performing a trick with a bicycle on a ramp .
A boy jumping ridding a skateboard wearing blue jeans and a red t-shirt with a building in the background with many windows .
A person on a skateboard jumps in a curve on the sidewalk .
A skateboarder in a red shirt .
Boy in a red , white and blue shirt skateboarding .
Boy skating on skateboard , photographed from low angle .
A boy getting a shower
A man is taking a shower .
A man sticks his tongue out in an outdoor shower .
A man takes a shower outdoors and looks up to stick out his tongue .
The man is standing under a shower with his tongue sticking out .
A bike racer hold up a hand while riding a motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle riding on a track and waving .
A professional motorcycle racer raises his arm in victory .
A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air .
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm .
A brown and white dog bares his teeth and grabs the head of another brown and white dog .
One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow .
Two brown dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two golden dogs fight with each other in the snow .
An Asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by .
An Asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city .
A woman in a white shirt standing beside a road fanning herself .
A woman waits at the side of a busy road holding a fan .
A woman with a fan near the street .
A black dog and a black and white dog are running in dirt .
A black dog and a black and white dog are running on sandy ground .
Two dogs running on wet sand .
Two dogs , one black , the other black and white runs on the beach .
Two large dogs run in the sand .
A boy in a green uniform is kicking a soccer ball in a game while two others stand behind him .
Boys play soccer near a goal post .
Some children are playing soccer on a sports-field by the goal .
The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball .
three boys play soccer .
A dog and a man wade into the lake .
A dog jumps in the air next to a man on the beach .
a dog jumps to his owner .
A man and a dog .
a man walking on a rocky shore with a tan dog jumping next to him
A race cars muffler catches on fire .
A race car sparks .
A sports car with flames coming out the exhaust .
The blue and white race car has flames coming out of its tail pipe .
The white racing car has fire bursting from its exhaust pipe .
A dark-skinned man is jumping in the air during a sports game .
a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
A soccer player dressed in red takes a leap in the air as his teammate looks on .
Athlete running on field , blurred athletes running in background .
This is a soccer game with one team dressed in red and black .
A man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water .
A man parasails on the choppy sea , with a board on his feet to catch the waves .
A man waterskis while being pulled .
A windsurfer on the water .
Man waterskiing in the blue ocean .
A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience .
A man does a jump trick on a bike .
A man in the air on a BMX bicycle , with 4 people sitting watching him in front of an EASTPAK banner .
A stunt-bicyclist flies above onlookers .
Person on a bicycle jumping high in the air over the sign that reads EASTPAK , others look up at him .
people playing , basketball ball in air
A group of boys play basketball outside of a brown building .
Three people stand on a basketball court as a ball flies through the air .
Three teen boys playing basketball outside
Three teens watching a basketball in the air .
A crowd of people in orange vests looks on as a fireball rises into the sky at an airport .
A group of people watching a large explosion .
A group of people wearing orange vests watch a large fire near a helicopter .
People dressed in hi viz jackets are watching a helicopter fly past an explosion .
The crowd is watching the fiery explosion .
A little boy leans over a bridge while someone holds onto him .
An Asian boy is holding onto the metal railing of a wooden bridge .
A young asian boy wearing cargo pants stretches on the railing to a bridge .
A young child leans against a rail on a crowded wooden bridge .
Small asian boy leans over bridge railing while being held
A colourfully dressed and painted woman working a hula hoop in a crowd .
A woman in purple pants is using a green hula hoop .
a woman wearing purple and green is spinning a green hula hoop around her waist .
A woman with jewels on her face wearing a green sports bra and purple pants is hula hooping in a crowd .
Costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd .
A boy chases after a bird on a pier .
A boy in a yellow shirt is looking at a bird on a wooden boardwalk
A little boy in a bright yellow shirt and blue jeans is looking at a pigeon .
A little dark-skinned boy in a yellow , number 21 jersey sees a pigeon .
A young boy runs along a boardwalk towards a pigeon .
A guy in red jumping .
A man jumping on the hard ground .
A man leaps into the air .
A person jumps outside .
A person wearing a red shirt jumps high above a rocky and grassy field .
A male rollerblader wearing a green shirt and hat grinding down a green rail .
A man is rollerblading down a handrail on some stairs .
A person wearing Rollerblades slides down a handrail .
A skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs .
rollerblader in green shirt and hat , slides down a green handrail next to steps
a person doing the backstroke in a swimming pool
A person swimming in a swimming pool .
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
Swimmer does backstroke in swimming lane .
The arm of a swimmer rises from the water inside the striped lane marker .
A man in a yellow and yellow shirt puts his arm around a man in a blue shirt .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a blue shirt and tie posing for a picture .
Two employees pose for a picture .
Two guys , one black and one white , smiling for the camera .
Two men each have one arm around each other and are in formal dresswear
A cyclist wearing blue and yellow riding past trees .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet racing in a race .
A man in blue rides a bike in a race in the forest .
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .
The man is riding a bicycle through the forest .
A brown and white dog carries a brown and white dish towel in his mouth .
A brown and white dog with big brown eyes with a dishtowel in his mouth on a hardwood floor .
A dog looking at the camera with a piece of cloth in its mouth .
Pink eyed boxer dog carrying a pillowcase .
PitBull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth .
A closeup of a man riding his bicycle through the forest .
A man in blue and pink is on a bike .
male biker bikes through the woods .
Man rides bike while grimacing .
Man riding a bicycle with the number five thousand six hundred thirty three on the handlebars he has on a black helmet .
A greyhound dog running in a race with identifier number six .
A racing dog wearing a yellow jersey with number six .
A running greyhound
Gray , dappled dog with muzzle and yellow shirt marked 6 , runs on track .
Greyhound dog in yellow jersey and running on a dirt track .
A boy rides his skateboard across a pipe on a building .
A child on a skateboard flies through the air , alongside a building .
A skateboarder grinds along a pipe beneath a fire escape .
A skateboarder jumping in front of a building .
A skateboarder rides down a city street .
A man sits in an airplane seat holding a young girl in his arms , surrounded by other passengers .
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man 's lap as they ride in an airplane .
A young girl falls asleep in her father 's arms while seated on an airplane .
Little girl sleeping in crowded airplane
Young girl wearing a pink sweater sitting on a man .
A man riding a three wheeled vehicle topples over .
A person on a tricycle .
I man is riding a 3 wheeled pedal bike and is airborne .
Person in a 3-wheeler driving on 2 wheels .
Someone is riding a three-wheeled vehicle throught a sandy playground .
A dog wearing the number four runs in a race .
A greyhound sporting number 4 is racing .
A greyhound with a green racing bib and a muzzle runs on a track .
A professional racing dog running
A tan greyhound , number four , is running at the track .
A bunch of football players on top of each other .
A group of people playing football form a big pile .
A referee is watching a professional football game in the grass .
Football players in the middle of a play .
Football players making a tackle with the referee in the foreground .
A man is on a sailboard with a green and clear sail in the middle of the ocean .
A man is parasailing in the ocean with a clear sky .
A man sailing , tilting it on the ocean .
A person rides a white and green sail board across the water .
Someone having fun on their surfboard in the clear blue ocean .
A man on a bicycle in the city .
A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city .
A young man doing bicycle tricks in an urban area .
Man standing on a bike downtown .
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city .
A team of girl soccer players are running down the field chasing the ball .
A team of girl 's soccer players in red uniforms run for the ball .
Girls run for the soccer ball during a game .
Kids playing soccer .
Young girls playing soccer .
a small black dog biting a ladies two fingers on a beige couch
A small black dog chews on fingers .
A small dog bites a ladies fingers .
Small black dog biting on a person 's finger .
Small black dog biting the fingers of a woman .
A man is flying down a flight of stairs on his skateboard .
A shirtless young rides his skateboard over steps .
a topless man is airborne on a skateboard in front of a white building .
A young man jumps down a flight of stairs on his skateboard
Boy jumping steps with skateboard
A dog leaps in the air to catch a disc .
A large yellow dog leaps into the air to catch his Frisbee .
A medium sized white dog is jumping up to catch a small cloth Frisbee .
A yellow dog is jumping to catch a toy in a park .
White dog holding pink floppy Frisbee in mouth jumping with all four feet off the ground .
A female walking through grass .
A girl going towards a heard of sheep .
A girl walks toward a herd of sheep in the distance .
A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley .
a woman walks to the cows .
A young couple lying in bed .
a young couple lying on a bed together
A young man and woman lay on a bed , the woman makes a goofy face .
Interracial couple in bed making faces
Two young people are lying on a bed together .
A brown horse with a rider sitting on him is jumping over a blue barrier
A horse and rider , jumping a barrier on a course .
A person in white jumps a brown horse over the gate .
Jockey and horse jump over blue hurdle
There is a horse and rider jumping over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog is running through a white marker in a grassy field .
A brown and white dog runs through an obstacle .
A brown dog is running between two grey poles that are very close together .
An Australian Shepherd dog runs through an obstacle .
Long-haired dog moves quickly beneath two poles .
A football player is running with the ball .
A football player running with football under his arm .
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game .
One man in a blue jersey is running holding a football
The football player in black runs with the football .
A small dog carries a yellow ball through the grass .
A white and brown dog runs in a field with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .
White dog with a tennis ball in its mouth running through green grass .
a dirt biker turns across the dirt .
A dirt bike takes a turn .
A man riding a motorbike kicks up dirt .
A person rides a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer is taking a curve on the dirt track .
A dog wearing the number 8 leads in a dog race .
A greyhound with a yellow and black stripped jacked with a red number 8 on it is running on a track
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Three greyhounds are in a dog race at the track .
White dog with yellow and black # 8 jacket in front of pack of dogs in race
A brown dog bolts towards the camera , with his tongue out and mouth open .
A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background .
a dog running towards the camera
A dog with its tongue out of its mouth .
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway .
Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background .
Two girls in blue sweatshirts are standing in a large crowd and smiling at something off camera .
Two girls laughing within a crowd .
Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping .
Two laughing girls sit together and one of them claps .
A man in a light blue cap smiles .
A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap .
A man with a blue sport hat and white sport jacket is staring with crowd nearby .
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on .
The man is wearing a blue hat .
A group of young women in skimpy red and black uniforms shows off black markings on their legs .
cheerleaders pose for the camera .
Five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose .
Five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .
Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .
a female hiker is looking at the view of some mountains .
A lady is standing on the edge of a hill looking at the Verizon .
A woman hiker stopped at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view
A woman in hiking gear on the top of a mountain , looking down at the valley below .
A woman stands on a mountain looking at others .
A minivan drives through a deep puddle of water on the road .
A minivan splashing through a flooded parking lot on a rainy night .
A rainy road at night .
Lights are reflecting off a city street in the evening during a rain storm .
Minivan drives down wet urban street at night , splashing water .
A boy in a denim jacket is smiling .
A man is dressed in denim and is smiling off camera .
A man smiles outdoors .
A man wearing a jeans jacket is smiling
A young man is standing outside wearing a black denim jacket .
Two girls wait on the street while wearing tight , barely there clothing .
Two ladies stand on a sidewalk wearing skimpy clothes and men 's underwear .
Two scantily-clad women on a city sidewalk .
Two women in skimpy outfits are posing to have their picture taken .
Two young women in tight clothing .
A brown dog up to its neck in water
A dog is almost all the way in the water and takes a drink .
A dog , possibly a basset hound , stands nose-deep in pond water .
A large dog wades through shallow water .
The brown dog is taking a drink while wading in the water .
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball .
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game .
Four men jumping in a basketball game
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
A skier in a yellow jacket is airborne above the mountains .
A skier jumps high in the air with a view of the mountains .
A skiing man in a fluorescent jacket jumps very high and it looks as though he is flying .
Somone is high in the air doing a ski jump .
The skier in the green jacket and white pants appears to almost fly into the sky .
A man in a black coat and hat sits by an old building .
A man with a black hat sits against a brick building .
An old man in a black coat and hat leans against a brick building .
Old man in black coat and hat sitting against brick building .
White haired man in black hat and coat sitting against brick wall .
A man holds a stick up for a dog to catch while another dog looks on at the beach .
A man plays with two dogs on the beach .
A man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs .
Someone playing with their dogs on the beach .
Two dogs play with a man on the beach .
A boy in a green soccer outfit hangs from a machine .
A boy in a green soccer uniform hangs upside down from a farm vehicle .
A child hanging from a hay bale loader .
A young boy is tilted over on a cart smiling at the camera
The girl is hanging off of the tractor equipment .
A congregation of people are worshipping outside of a temple .
A crowd is looking at a shrine while holding their hands in the air
A large crowd raises their hands in unison .
A room full of worshippers bows toward an extravagant display in the center of the crowd .
Many people stand with their hands raised .
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field .
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard , chasing a ball .
Dog on grass , running for red ball .
Small white dog chases orange ball
The white and brown dog runs on a field for an orange ball .
A man is leaning on a skateboard while holding onto a pole .
A man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
A man on a skateboard holding on to a kite
A man stands on a four-wheeled board attached to a harness .
Man on specialized skateboard being propelled by unseen kite
A little girl in a blue shirt is pointing at the water on the beach .
A little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach .
A young girl is looking at a body of water while an older male kneels behind her .
A young girl is pointing at water on a beach .
A young girl is standing on the shore and pointing to the ocean .
A man rides a motorcycle on a track .
A motorcycle racer is producing sparks by leaning during a turn .
A motorcyclist is turning a sharp corner on his red motorbike and is scraping it on the road .
A motorcyclist making a sharp turn .
The motorcycle rider makes sparks as he leans in for a turn .
a boy pushes a wagon full of pumpkins .
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .
A boy smiling , leaning over a wagon filled with two large pumpkins .
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
boy pushing wagon with two pumpkins in it
A man in blue and black surfs on a huge white wave .
A man on a surfboard jumping off the top of a wave .
a surfer is doing an airborne stunt whilst riding waves .
Man boogie boarding on wave .
man surfing
A man has a pink ribbon around his arm .
A man in a black shirt , covered in paintball splatter , makes a face .
A man in a sweatshirt in the woods .
A man looking surprised at the camera .
A man wearing a pink ribbon on his arm has been splattered with yellow paint .
A man surfing a small wave and another man on a surfboard paddling toward it .
A surfer jumps a wave as one paddles to the wave .
A surfer vertical in a wave with another approaching him
Two men are surfing in the ocean on a huge wave .
Two surfers catch a wave .
a boy squirts a squirt gun .
A family is playing in a pool and one of the young boys is shooting something with water .
A little boy is playing with a water squirting toy in the swimming pool as others around him watch .
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .
Children play in a pool while adults look on .
A dressed up woman is holding up a soda while having a conversation .
A female is wearing a big purple flower in her hair and has some beads around her neck .
A laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape .
A woman with a purple feather decoration in her hair and wearing caution tape
A woman with bright red hair standing on the street .
A dark-haired , grey-suited man is leaning on a silver pole .
A man leaning against a pole surrounded by people
A man leans against a metal pole .
A Middle Eastern man is standing with his back against a lamp post near to other people who are waiting around .
Several people are standing on a sidewalk near a man leaning against a pole .
A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman .
A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people .
a smiling topless woman holding a shell with many people surrounding her
A topless woman is holding a conch shell while a crowd looks at her .
Many people watching a performance
A silhouette of one dog chasing another dog .
A silhouette of two dogs running by a lake .
Two dogs are silhouette as they chase each other along the water .
Two dogs running on land along the water .
Two dogs running on the shore .
A boy is posing next to his scooter .
A boy stands on a scooter in an abandoned boardwalk .
A boy wearing a white top is resting on his scooter beside a concrete post .
A small boy on a blue scooter in an urban setting is pointing a finger at the viewer .
The little boy stands next to his scooter .
Two boys splashing each other in the ocean .
Two boys splashing in the surf .
Two boys splash in the big ocean .
Two children splashing in the ocean .
Two shirtless young people playing in the water .
A bicyclist is performing a midair stunt .
A biker wearing a white t-shirt is jumping over dirt hills .
A bmx rider performs a jump while holding the bike with just his hands .
a man is airborne behind his bike whilst holding onto the handlebars as he attempting a jumping stunt .
A person performing a bodyless bicycle jump over dirt ramps .
A man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
A motorcyclist is pulling a wheelie on a motocross bike as he rides it up a dirt track .
a motorcyclist wearing a red and white jacket popping a wheelie on his motorcycle .
Person popping a wheelie on a dirt road .
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road .
The brown dogs are playing with a blue toy together .
The two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths .
Two beige dogs are playing in the grass near a doghouse .
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a blue object in front of a building .
Two light brown dogs are tugging at a blue toy in front of a blue shed .
a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
A University of Miami player holds a football .
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
football players wearing orange uniforms are tackling a player in a white uniform
A tackle in a football game .
Three footballers in a tackle .
Three men are involved in a football game are tackling each other .
two players take down the player with the ball in a football game
two black dogs each with running on the beach with balls in their mouths .
Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier .
Two black dogs run through sand .
two dogs run across the sand near a boardwalk .
Two wet , black dogs are running through some sand .
A black dog is jumping through some water , while holding a stick in his mouth .
A black dog is swimming through water .
A black dog jumps in a body of water with a stick in his mouth .
A dog swims in the ocean .
Black dog jumping out of the water with a stick in his mouth .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards .
Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch .
Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn .
two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street .
A blond dog runs in the ocean surf .
A light blonde dog is running on the shoreline .
A white and tan dog is running in shallow water on a beach .
A white dog runs in the surf with his mouth open
A young dog is running across a shore .
A biker rides on a dirt road .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person on a BMX bike is riding on an outdoor course .
A person rides his mountain bike down a dirt road very fast .
Dirt bike rider jumping down the hill .
A boxer is being examined in his corner by a member of his support team .
A boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring .
A man in a red helmet has water squirted in his mouth by another man in a boxing ring .
A trainer giving water to a boxer in the corner .
Man spraying water into boxer 's mouth .
A boy in a red shirt and jean shorts jumping off a swing .
A boy is jumping off a swing
A boy is jumping off of a swing .
a boy jumps off a swing .
A boy jumps off a swing with his legs apart .
A black dog running on grass
A black dog with a stubby tale is running on a green lawn with houses in the background .
A large black dog runs along the green grass .
Black and brown dog runs over grass , houses in background .
The black dog is running on the grass .
A big , black dog with a red collar runs in the water .
A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water .
A black dog is running through some water .
A black dog splashes in the water
A black dog with a red collar is walking through water .
A man and a boy standing in front of a sign that says " HELL " .
Two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them .
Two males stand by a board that says HELL .
Two people stand next to a sign that says " HELL " made out of stars .
Two young men , one smoking , walk past a large sign that uses orange stars to spell " HELL " .
A mother sits with three children as they eat ice cream .
A woman and three kids sit on a dolly .
One adult sitting next to three young children eating ice cream on some steps .
The woman sat on the bench while the children ate ice cream .
Three children eat ice cream in a third world store while a woman stares into space .
A man loses control of his watercraft .
A man parasails on the water .
A windsurfer falls off his boat in the ocean .
The man was sailing in the ocean and fell off his boat .
The sailboarder is falling in the water .
A black and white dog is running between yellow poles .
A black dog running through yellow cones .
A dog is running in and out of a line of posts on an obstacle course .
A little dog running between yellow poles .
Dog in field with yellow posts .
A dog runs through the grass .
A dog with a muzzle in the grass and sunlight .
A grey dog wearing a muzzle runs over grass .
A grey dog with a muzzle running .
The furry black dog is sitting on the grass
A Greyhound dog is wearing a red jersey with the number one on it and is mid run .
A greyhound with a red shirt and blue muzzle on running a race .
A large greyhound dog races wearing a red shirt .
A white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it .
White greyhound racing as dog number 1 .
A child plays soccer .
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal .
A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer .
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal .
The little kid just missed a soccer kick for the goal
People ride on the back of a vehicle .
Several people are riding on back and sides of a car .
Several people crowd on a truck going down the road
This vehicle has people hanging on the outside as it is driving down a road .
Three boys riding on the back of a truck .
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope .
A crowd of children in white shirts , black shorts and white hats jumping rope .
A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
Several children are all engaging in excersise
A person is on a ramp on a skateboard .
A person on skies is up in the air over snow .
A person performs a snowboarding trick on a rail as a man crouches down to get a better view .
person on snowboard in the air doing a jump
Someone in white is performing a skateboard trick at night while a kneeling person watches .
A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt .
A man on a wakeboard is jumping over the wake and trying to grab the board with one hand .
A man performs a wakeboarding trick
a waterskier flying slighty in the air over a wave
A waterskier flies into the air .
A person is standing near a row of identical red and white bicycles .
A woman is standing outside near many bicycles .
A woman standing near a bike rack .
A woman stands near a row of identical red bicycles .
There is a row of red and white bikes all in a bike rack .
An elderly man sitting on a bench .
An old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her .
An old woman sitting on a bench , with people around .
Older asian woman sitting down while two people walk by her .
Older woman setting on a bench with people walking past her she is wearing a gray jacket and black pants .
A large dog sniffing a smaller dog outside .
Two blond dogs are standing together on a patio .
Two dogs are standing together on a patio .
Two golden dogs are standing on a wooden patio .
Two golden dogs on a wood deck .
A girl in a hoodie and bikini bottom is standing on the beach with a camera .
A woman in a striped hoodie holds a camera on a beach
A woman stands on a beach with a camera
A woman takes pictures at the beach .
A woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side .
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
The white dog runs through the ocean .
White medium sized dog is running through the ocean .
A brown dog is jumping over a fence and another dog is chasing it .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence and another dog follows him .
A dog jumping off a fence and another dog on the grass in the background .
A dog jumping over a gate followed by another dog .
A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence .
a dog jumps over a fence , while two other dogs watch .
One dog , apparently standing on the edge of a fence , confronts three others in a backyard setting .
The dog is on the fence
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence .
Two pitbulls fighting , one standing on top of a fence .
A man in a red uniform jumps towards a soccer ball .
A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him .
A soccer player hitting the ball with his head
Soccer player in red dives toward ball , blocking player in blue .
Two soccer players coliding as one tries to get the ball in front of the other player .
A cyclist is laying on his motorbike while in the air .
A guy on a motorcycle lays back with his feet up over the handlebars , high in the grey sky .
A motorcyclist is performing a trick in midair .
A motorcyclist doing a trick while in the air .
A person is laying down on his dirt bike while in the air .
A mountain biker , wearing a black helmet and shirt , in motion .
Dirt biker taking a corner
One biker wearing a black helmet riding on a dirt hill .
Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
The guy on the BMX bike is taking a sharp turn .
A football player runs with the ball , chased by members of the opposing team
A running back running with the football .
Many football players are running on the grassy field .
Men playing football .
Two teams compete in football .
a football player catching the football .
a football player in a brown jersey jumping up to catch a football
A football player jumps up to catch the ball while others run towards him .
Football players playing football .
The football player jumps into the air to catch a football .
a football running back getting tackled
Football player tackles a player who has the ball , as a third player watches .
One football player attempts to get the ball from another football player who is running .
The American footballer in brown is tackling the player in whit who is running with the ball .
This is a football game in progress .
A male bike rider wearing a helmet is on his bike and pointing at the camera .
A man in a red shirt sits on his dirt bike and points at the camera .
A man is sitting on a motocross bike pointing his finger forwards .
A man on a bike is wearing a helmet , logo shirt , and is pointing at you .
A man wearing a helmet points at the camera .
A disabled athlete is competing with his sponsored gear along a street lined with spectators .
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair .
A man with a helmet is racing a three wheeled bicycle .
A man with no legs is in a race with his wheelchair .
The handicapped biker uses his arms to move his yellow sports bike .
A man in a light blue sweatshirt walks down a dirt path .
A man is walking down a dirt road with a shop on his right .
A man on a dirt road in a small town
A man walks down an empty street next to a market .
Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side .
A child bouncing in a play and bounce .
A little girl is bouncing on a colorful inflatable gym .
A little girl with her hair flying up in the air on an air-filled toy .
little girl at play gym with hair flying in air
The little girl in white is bouncing on a multicolored inflatable .
A brown and white dog is running with a yellow Frisbee .
One brown and white dog with a green Frisbee in mouth and one brown and white dog by the fence .
One dog is sniffing the ground by the wooden fence whist another dog is carrying a Frisbee in its mouth .
There is a dog carrying a Frisbee .
Two dogs , one with a Frisbee .
A blue buggy is driving across the sand dunes .
A blue go cart in the dirt pointing downhill .
A dune buggy goes down a hill .
A dune buggy going down a sandy hill .
A dune buggy traveling on sand .
Two children are on a fairground ride .
two girls on a carnival ride
Two girls on an amusement park ride .
Two girls on an amusement park ride smiling and laughing .
Two girls riding on an amusement part ride .
A black Mitsubishi is driving through a muddy puddle and spraying water .
A blue car splashes mud on a dirt road while driving through a puddle .
A blueish green car on a dirt road splashing water on the left .
A dark blue car going through a muddy road and sprinkling some to the side .
There is a blue car on a road in the roads splashing through a puddle .
A business man is reading on a subway
A man on the subway holds his bags and looks at a book .
A man reads a book on the subway .
A man wearing sunglasses is standing on a metro train reading a book .
Man dressed in black suit and tie reads a book while waiting on the subway .
a dirt biker stands in the sunset .
A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset .
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
The man is on a bike and sitting in front of the sunset .
The man sat on the dirt bike as the sun sets in the distance .
A black and white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack .
A man on a motorcycle is racing on a track .
A motorcycle racer speeds down a track .
A orange , white , and black motorcyclist racing .
A professional motor racer in motion .
A brown and white dog is jumping on the couch next to someone with blue slippers .
A dog jumps toward a couch
A jack Russell terrier is jumping onto an orange sofa .
A little dog attempts to jump on an orange couch .
the dog is jumping on to the couch
A BMX biker flies in the air off of a ramp .
A bmx rider rides up a jump and into the air .
A boy on a bike descends a half pipe .
A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp .
Bicycle rider airborne on a ramp .
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart .
A man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench .
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
A man is asleep on a bench in the subway .
A man sleeping on a bench in a subway station .
A man going skating down a slide while two kids look on .
A skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .
A skateboarder is skating down a very steep ramp in a skate park .
Kids play on a skateboarding ramp in front of some trees .
Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park .
A black dog leaps for a ball held by a man .
A man is playing with a black and white dog .
A man wearing glasses and his black and white dog wearing a black collar are playing with a tennis ball .
Man holding a ball while a dog jumps up for it
Man with dog who is jumping to catch tennis ball .
A girl in a blue and white uniform tags someone in a black and red uniform .
A girl is catching a baseball before an opponent touches base .
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in her mitt .
Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game .
Two people playing ball on a field .
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A yellow dog chases a red Frisbee next to a black pot .
Grayish dog is playing Frisbee in the yard .
The yellow dog is trying to catch a red Frisbee .
2 People with white hats looking over the mountain
A group of people sit at the top of a cliff and look over the side .
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside looking at the view , one using a pair of binoculars .
Three men sitting on a hill looking at the mountains and sky .
Three people sit and look at mountains .
A dog rounds a corner with his tail up , after exiting a yellow and orange tube .
a husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course .
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course .
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube .
A white and black dog rushes out of an orange tunnel .
A closeup of a white bunny .
Closeup of a white bunny with another white bunny and black horse in the background .
Rabbit rests on grass , another rabbit and fenced horse in background .
Two white bunnies are outside on the grass .
Two white rabbits sit on the green grass .
A group of little boys play football in uniforms .
Children in uniforms , pads and halmets play football
Four children , in uniforms of two different teams , are playing football .
Four young boys dressed in uniform play football .
Two boys ' football teams compete on the field .
a man in a green shirt and cap puts his hands on a table as he stands next to man wearing headphones around his neck .
A man wearing a white shirt is sitting next to a man wearing a green shirt .
One man has his hands outstretched while another has headphones around his neck .
There is a guy with headphones around his neck next to a guy in a hat looking off screen .
Two men are sitting indoors , one of them has headphones .
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field .
a soccer player in blue , runs .
Man in blue and white shorts playing a sport .
Soccer player in blue is wiping his mouth with his shirt .
Soccer player wipes face with blue jersey .
A boy holding a ball falls down in front of another boy who has his arms reaching out while an older man in a green shirt smiles and watches .
A soccer player just caught the ball in front of the goal
Boys playing ball on grass while man in green shirt watches
Three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball .
Two adolescents play football in a residential yard while an older man watches .
A man surfing on a big green wave .
A person is surfing a big wave .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
A surfer rides a green wave .
A surfer rides out the green and white waves .
A brown dog is chewing on a white rug whilst standing on a red carpet next to a checkered floor .
A brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal .
A brown dog with a white covering in its mouth
A dark brown dog chews on something white and fluffy .
A dog tugs on a piece of fabric .
Three brown dogs on the patchy grass .
Three tan dogs are outside , one licks the other 's nose .
Two dogs are nose to nose while a third dog stands next to them .
Two dogs touching noses near another dog .
Two tan dogs smell each others faces .
A football game is played .
Two football teams play a game .
Two football teams playing a game
Two football teams play on the field .
Two teams of football players about to start a game .
two children in swimsuits stand talking in a lake in the woods .
Two girls in bathing suits are standing in the water facing each other .
Two girls play in the beach .
Two girls wearing bikins are standing in the lake ,
Two young girls in a lake talking to each other .
A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp .
a bmx rider rides the ramp .
A man is doing tricks with a bicycle at a skate park .
A young man does tricks with his bike on a course .
Man on bicycle is doing tricks in an old building .
A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .
An bald elderly adult .
An elderly person with a brick wall int he background .
An older person wearing green is holding a burlap sack .
An old , wrinkley person in green in smiling .
A breakdancer is standing on one hand with a look of excitement
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage .
A person balances on one hand .
The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand .
The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building .
A man is climbing the mountain .
A mountain climber is seen on the side of a tall mountain .
A solitary climber on snowy , high mountains .
Snow covered mountains with a person walking up in the background .
The mountaintop is filled with snow .
A boy and girl in swimwear and arm floaters
a little boy and a little girl wearing water wings are running on a path beside a black fence ,
A little boy and girl in their swimsuits wearing arm floats .
The boy and girl are playing with arm floats on .
Young boy and girl running with water wings on
A jockey on a black horse jumps over a hurdle .
An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle .
A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse .
A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence .
A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle .
A man floating in the ocean .
A man has jumped from a surfboard up into the air .
A person above their surfboard on the water .
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
The surfer lost his board and is about to fall into the sea .
A female tennis player swings for the ball .
A woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit .
A woman swinging a tennis racket on the court .
The tennis player dressed in white swings the racket .
The woman is dressed in all white swinging a tennis racket .
two black dogs running down either side of a paved pathway
Two distant black dogs running across grass at camera , alongside a path .
Two dogs bound across the grass next to a road .
Two dogs running in the grass along a pathway that leads to a building .
Two dogs run on either side of a road opposite from one another .
A man in a suit waits for the subway
A man with grey hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway .
Gray-haired man in suit , with blurry train station in background .
Group of people standing in a subway tunnel .
Man with grey hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel .
A black and tan dog rolls on his back in a field .
A black dog rolling in the green grass .
A dog rolls on his back .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A dog with paws in the air lying on grass
a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach .
A brown dog runs in the sand .
Black dog running across sand .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
A huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog .
A very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly haired dog .
Dogs playing on the dirt path .
Two dogs chase one another on a gravel road .
Two wet dogs .
A boy is walking on a floor covered in graffiti .
A male walks on the graffiti wall .
A man dances on a colorful wall .
a man in a white t-shirt and cap is skating along a graffiti covered wall .
A man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti .
a couple of rugby players jumping in the air to get the ball .
A group of men jumping for a ball .
The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby .
Three different men grabbing at one soccer ball during a game .
Three men jump up for the ball in a sporting event as a crowd watches .
A group of men struggle to catch the ball in the air .
Three men react as a football flies overhead .
three men with football in air
Three men wrestle for a soccer ball .
Three rugby players grab for the ball .
A car with white smoke trailing behind it on a black topped surface .
A silver car being driven in a parking lot , while crowds watch .
A white sports car drives in a paved lot .
This white car is driving on a course with orange cones .
White car driving in an empty parking lot
A closeup of a girl with curly black hair smiling .
a portrait picture of a girl with brown hair smiling directly at the camera .
A young woman laughing .
A young woman with curly brown hair smiles into the camera .
Brunette woman running tongue over teeth .
A black car on the street behind wire mesh .
A drag racer speeds down a city street in a black race car .
A man wearing a helmet driving a black race car down the street
A person wearing a white helmet races in a black race car .
Someone drives a fast car past old buildings .
Dogs playing in the yard .
Five dogs play in a large fenced yard bordering a group of autumnal trees .
Four dogs are playing in a circle and one black do is walking away .
Four dogs in a circle on the grass in the distance and a black dog on the grass in forefront .
Several dogs of different breeds play in a backyard .
A bicycle gets airborne .
a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .
This person is doing a stunt on a bicycle , with one wheel on a ledge and one in the air .
Young man performing bicycle trick on loading dock near dumpsters .
a black and a cream dog run through a field in front of a blue house
A black dog and a white dog run across a field behind a house .
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house .
Two dogs together in a field of grass within sight of a beautiful home .
Two large dogs are running off together through the field .
A boy and woman sitting on a passenger train
A woman and a boy sitting on a bus .
People sitting on seats by orange pole
Two people in a subway train separated by a seat
Two people ride the train .
A girl is riding horseback .
A girl rides on a brown horse down a forest path .
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods .
A view from behind of a girl with a blonde ponytail riding a dark brown horse
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail .
a man dives headfirst into the water .
A man in a green swimsuit entering the water headfirst after jumping off a rock .
A man jumps off some rocks into the water .
A person falls into the water near some rocks .
A person is diving into blue water on a rocky shore .
The men are playing soccer while people in the stands watch .
Three men , from two teams , are in the air colliding and there is a soccer ball above them .
Three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball .
Two soccer teams compete .
two trams of soccer players playing a game on the field
A group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game .
A group of men playing hockey .
A hockey game is being played .
A hockey goalie lays on the ice and other players skate past him .
two hockey player teams playing a game on the ice
A blond woman is throwing a stick for her orange dog , who is leaping to get it .
A dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near .
A woman is holding a stick in the air , while a dog jumps up .
A woman prepares to throw a stick to a leaping dog .
A woman with a stick is playing with a dog in a red collar .
A boy running in a park filled with pigeons , watched by his father in the background .
A child runs among pigeons , while a man carrying bags watches .
A little boy in blue runs through a flock of pigeons standing on the ground .
A man and a boy standing around a bunch of pigeons .
Small child running through a flock of pigeons .
Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull .
There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf .
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos ' .
Two cowboys riding horses attempt to rope a small cow .
Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull .
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts and a man in a red shirt and white shorts playing soccer .
Two men fighting for control of a soccer ball as fans watch
Two players hustle during a soccer game .
Two soccer players fighting for the ball .
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball .
A little girl slides down a green slide with her arms up at a playground .
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl is sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
The girl is sliding down a green slide .
A biker jumps an obstacle .
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
Man carries bike over obstacle
The biker carries his bike over the obstacle .
A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .
Two dogs are playing in a pool .
Two dogs are playing outside .
Two dogs wrestle in a kiddie pool .
Two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool .
A dog runs through a field .
A gray dog is walking through a grassy field .
A grey dog runs in a grassy field .
A greyhound is active in a grassy field .
The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field .
A group of men play croquet .
These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game .
Three men in white wait to swing at a ball .
Two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up .
Two men in white are playing a game while a man behind them walks towards them .
A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating .
A little girl eats an apple and sits in front of a map of the world .
A smiling child sits against a wall on a blanket and eats a snack .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
little girl sitting down eating ice cream
a man inside of a white subway train
A man sits by a window on a train .
A man sits by the window in a train .
A man sits in the window of a train .
The side of a subway cart , with one man in the window .
A dog playing in the ocean on the beach .
A dog walking through the water at the ocean .
A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves .
A dog walks on the shore of a clear blue ocean .
The white dog is walking through the water of the incoming tide at the beach .
A boy in a white t-shirt does skateboard tricks .
A boy in t-shirt , jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board , arms flung out .
A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park .
A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space .
Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park .
A brown number six race dog is slightly behind a black race dog on a track .
two dogs race across the track .
Two greyhounds race .
two muzzled greyhound dogs running around a track
Two muzzled racing dogs running along track .
A biker patiently waits as his friend bikes ahead of him .
A man in a leather outfit prepares to ride a motorcycle .
One motorcyclist speeds away from a parked motorcyclist along a drag strip .
Two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street .
Two people in black leather ride motorcycles .
A kid skateboards down railings of a large set of stairs .
An inline skater is grinding down a long rail .
A skateboarder in midair above a large staircase and handrail .
A teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing .
Skater rides skateboard down a long stair railing
A dog carries a stick in its mouth .
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth .
A golden dog has a long stick in its mouth .
A golden retriever is biting a branch in a yard .
A yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass .
A man controlling a dog sled approaches another dog sled team in a narrow , snowy passageway between two sets of trees .
Dogs performing a sled race
Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose .
Two groups of huskies are running in the snow , each group pulling a man .
Two packs of sled dogs meet .
A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another .
A man in a grey shirt is winning a race in the grass .
A man leads the way in a race .
People running a race and the guy in grey is in the lead .
Two men running outside in a competition .
A person on a bike jumping over a bench in the park .
A person on a bmx bike , leaping onto a bench .
A person performing tricks on a bicycle in a skate park .
A person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform .
Jumping a bicycle onto a park bench .
A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball .
A man and a child are standing near a dog who is jumping .
A man and a small boy watch their small , white dog catch a toy in the air .
A small black brown and white dog catches a football in midair as a man and child look on .
Small white dog with spot on back leaping in air with football in mouth with small boy and man watching .
A girl riding a scooter near the beach .
a young child in a t-shirt on a bike stands in on a road in front of a beach , while others are on the sand near the water in the background .
The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area .
The girl rides at the ocean .
The little child is holding the handles of something .
A boy in football gear running with the football
A child runs with a football .
Child in football uniform running on grass .
The boy in the red jersey runs with the football .
The boy is clutching the football and making a run for a touchdown while looking behind him .
A human figure runs past a flower stand .
A person is running past a large display of plants and flowers .
A person runs by a flower and plant shop .
A runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop .
A runner is running past an outdoor flower stall .
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow .
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick .
somebody in the air on a board
Someone on a rooftop jumping on some sort of a board caught in midair .
There is a person on a snowboard up high in the air .
A crowd of people in colorful dresses .
A crowd of women wearing multiple different colors is entering a stone structure .
Many ethnic people in multi-colored robes gather for an event
Many women have gathered and are listening to speakers .
Many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building .
a brown dog is in a grassy field twisting itself around to see underneath itself .
Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field .
Two dogs play with each other in the grass .
Two grey dogs fight .
Kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background .
Kids play on rocks lining the coastline of a location with a nearby ferry .
Three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background .
Three children exploring the rocky shoreline near a riverboat .
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A child playing in some leaves .
A laughing little girl sits in a pile of leaves and tosses the leaves in the air .
A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside .
a young child jumping in a pile of leaves
The small child is playing outside in the fallen leaves .
The boys draw in the sand with sticks .
The children are playing in the sand at a rocky beach .
Two men draw in the wet sand of a beach .
Two men in black shorts are in the sand on the shoreline .
Two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach .
A large wild cat is pursuing a horse across a meadow .
A lioness chases a black animal with horns .
A lioness closes in on its prey .
a lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain .
The lioness attacks a wildebeest on a plain .
A football player in a gold helmet is running with a football .
A football player in a purple jersey is running the ball in for a touchdown .
A football player runs across the field as the referee blows his whistle .
A football player runs past an official carrying a football .
The football player runs the ball past the referee .
A boy does a skateboard trick .
A man jumps in the air on his skateboard .
A skateboarder doing a maneuver in the air .
the skateboarder jumps into the air .
The young man catches some air while skateboarding .
A boy does a skateboard jump at a skateboard park .
A kid doing a trick on his skateboard .
A young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park .
A young man rides a yellow and black skateboard at the top of a ramp .
Kid doing skateboard trick with his legs split and board between them .
A group of guys play instruments outside .
A group of men playing brass instruments .
A jazz band plays outside .
Group of men play musical instruments outdoors .
men play saxaphones outside a building .
A brown dog is licking its nose .
A brown dog is on the green grass .
a brown dog licking his nose in the middle of some grass
A brown dog licks his nose while standing in green grass by the woods .
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera .
young , boys one boy is hitting another boy while the third boy smiles in the background
Two boys fighting in a dirt paved parking lot with another boy watching .
Two boys in blue shirts are in front of a grey car .
Two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a grey car and two other children .
two boys in blue shirts fighting in a parking lot
A man is performing a jump on his snowboard .
A snowboarder glides through the air .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
A snowboarder suspended in the air
A soccer player in red runs in front of one in blue .
Men play in a soccer game .
One man in a red shirt is falling , while another man in a blue shirt watches during a soccer game .
Two men are playing soccer on a grassy field .
Two men playing a game , running on a field .
A man dressed as Batman running in a race .
A man in a batman costume and a number on his chest is running with others down a street .
A man in a batman costume is running a race .
A man in a batman suit running .
The runner dons a batman uniform for the race
A female kicking a soccer ball while in front of a soccer goal .
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal .
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball .
A young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball .
The young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match .
A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike .
A cyclist carries his bicycle while jumping over a hurdle .
A man doing tricks with his bicycle .
a man jumps across an obstacle carrying his bike
The man is jumping through the air , while holding a bicycle .
A hockey player in red untangles from a player in white as he goes for the puck .
Two hockey players almost fall on the ice during a scuffle .
Two hockey players compete on the ice .
Two hockey players fighting on the ice .
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
A boy turning a somersault in his yard .
A child does cartwheels in the yard .
A child performing a cartwheel in a yard .
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown .
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
A group of people surf on a very large wave .
a group of surfers catching a wave
People surfing and attempting to surf in the ocean on a big wave .
Several people are surfing on a wave in the sea .
Surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset .
A brown dog standing on a beach next to a blue Frisbee .
A dog shaking itself dry next to a blue Frisbee near to a body of water .
A dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a Frisbee .
The brown dog is shaking itself off .
Wet dog shaking off water on beach
A little girl swings , a woman stands behind her .
a mom pushes her little girl on the swing .
A small child shows excitement on a swing set at the park
The girl is being pushed on the swing by the woman .
Woman stands behind young girl on swing set
A blonde girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes .
A girl in a black cape with a group of other children
A girl in a cape along with other costumed children
A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl .
Children in costumes standing in line .
Muzzled white dogs running .
Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item .
Two white dogs wearing muzzles jump over a white board .
Two white dogs wearing muzzles play in the grass .
Two white dogs with muzzles are jumping over a small barrier in a race
A man playing guitar sings into a microphone .
A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone .
An older man is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
Hawaiian man singing into a red microphone .
The Hawaiian singer belts out a tune .
a few different small cars racing around a track in the rain
A white car with headlights on .
Race cars at night in the rain .
Race cars driving through rain on a racetrack at night .
The cars are on a track , in the rain , at night .
a boy wearing orange jumps from haystacks .
A child in an orange shirt jumps off bales of hay while other children watch .
A kid jumps off a haystack while other kids watch .
The boy in the orange t-shirt is leaping of a pile of hay bales as other children stand and watch .
The boy wearing a red sweatshirt is jumping off a pile of hay .
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves .
a boy jumps on another boy .
A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near .
A little boy in the air above another boy on the ground where a soccer ball lies at his feet with the soccer net behind them .
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother .
Two children are playing , one is jumping in the air .
A man surfing a wave .
A man surfs , the foam right behind him .
A person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave .
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
A girl in a bathing suit rides a swing .
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
A young girl with brown hair is swinging on a swing in a swimming suit .
child on a swing in motion
The little girl wearing a black swimsuit is playing on a swing .
A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him .
A boy on his bike leaping over a hill with trees in the background .
A kid is doing a jump on his bike .
a lone bicyclist jumping over a hill .
A person in the air on a bike .
A climber scales a rock wall .
a lone rock climber climbing a rock wall
A rock climber climbs .
Man climbing up a barren rock face .
Man climbs crack in rock face at top left of frame , tree at lower right .
A dog jumps through a hoop .
A dog jumps through a hoop while the crowd watches .
A German shepherd breed dog is jumping through a hoop with onlookers .
A German Shepherd jumping through a black hoop in front of spectators
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A dog rolls on his back in the grass as two other dogs look on .
One pale dog is rolling on his back while two others stand nearby .
Three dogs are playing .
Three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment .
Three white and brown dogs are playing outside in a grassy area with a play set in the background .
A crowd waits outside a subway train , ready to board .
People standing in front of a subway train .
People trackside at a subway station by a train .
People wait as the subway pulls into a subway station
several people waiting to get on a train
A man is doing a jump on bicycle in an indoor skate and bike center .
A man is doing a trick on a bike in the air over a ramp .
A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp .
A person jumping with a bicycle over a ramp
a skateboarding ramp located in a room with multicolored graffti painted on the wall .
a dog runs across the grass .
A golden dog is running on the grass .
A tan dog leaping in a grassy field .
Brown dog leaps through field .
The dog is running quickly through the meadow .
A football player folding a football during a game in the mud
American footballers in yellow outfits are playing in a very muddy field .
A young football player in a muddy , yellow and blue uniform carrying a football with other muddy players run behind him .
Football players playing in mud .
Football players playing in the mud .
A surfer on a blue surfboard is falling off of it as he hits a wave .
a surfer rides up the wave .
Man falling off a blue surfboard in the ocean .
The surfer is in the wave .
The surfer rides a wave on a blue surfboard .
A middle aged woman in stylish clothes , holding a camera .
A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera .
A woman dressed nicely stands happily with her camera .
a woman holds a camera .
A woman in a white jacket is smiling and holding a digital camera .
A man doing a back flip off a box
A man jumps over another man doing a back flip .
Boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an American flag in the background .
One stuntman jumps over another stuntman who is doing a back flip from a wall
Two men doing some jumps outside .
A bearded man on a train
A man is sitting on a train resting his hand against his face .
A man sitting on a subway .
A man sitting on a subway looking at the camera .
A man sitting on public transportation .
A boy and a dog running on grass
A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field .
A child and small dog running .
A white dog and green shirted child running in the grass .
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
Two dirt bike riders in midair .
Two motocross riders race on a dirt track .
Two motorcycles jump over a dirt hill
Two off-road bikers compete on a dirt course on a sunny day .
two riders jumping on dirt bikes
A group of bicyclists racing .
A group of bikers pedal along .
Men in a cluster during a bike race
Several bicyclists are riding in a race .
Several cyclists wearing different colors riding bikes on pavement .
A brown dog is carrying a stick too big for him over grass .
A dog carries a large stick in its mouth over the grass .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth .
a large dog carrying a large stick in its mouth .
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees .
A woman in a pink shirt and khaki shorts looks over a crumbling rock face overlooking a large forested area .
A woman in a red shirt stands on a monument above a forest .
A woman stands at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A woman stands next to a big , green hill .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
A baseball player argues with the catcher .
A pitcher and catcher celebrate striking another baseball player out in a pro game .
A pitcher and catcher get ready to hug after striking out a ball player .
The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .
Two professional baseball players during a game , one more in the background .
A boy in a creek throwing a rock .
A boy skips a rock in a creek .
A boy skips a rock in a stream .
A boy tosses a rock across a river .
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .
A group of people are walking in single file at an exhibit .
several people walking next to a concrete building with many archways
Students are going to class at a university
The five people are standing under three tan arches .
These six people are walking outside a building with columns .
A clown with a big hat riding a bicycle .
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race .
A man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
A person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail .
The man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike
A child sliding down a orange slide
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide .
A toddler boy in overalls sliding down an orange slide
A young child slides down an orange slide .
The child enjoys going down the slide .
A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball .
A man in a red uniform plays in a soccer game .
A man in a red uniform runs towards a soccer ball on a field .
A player in a red uniform gets ready to kick the ball during a soccer match , as the crowd watches .
A soccer player in red uniform runs after a soccer ball .
A black dog and a goose swim in the water .
a dog and a redheaded bird are swimming in the water
The black dog is swimming in a lake with a white duck .
The white duck is swimming with a black dog
White duck with red face swimming
A boy jumps through the air onto something red .
A child holds its arm up and laughs .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed .
A dirt bike rider catches some air going off a large hill
A dirt biker on a sand dune .
A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike .
A man on a motorbike riding down a steep rock face
A motocross bike rider is riding his bike through a quarry .
A boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard .
A boy jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A boy skateboarding .
A young boy wearing a black shirt and brown pants practices jumping over a low bar on a skateboard .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
A child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black .
a girl looks at a woman 's face .
A little girl touches the face of an adult woman .
A young girl approaches an adult on a brick walkway .
A young girl with a worried look on her face touching a woman 's face who 's keeling down .
A girl doing a kick near a woman .
A girl in black high kicks over a jack-o-lantern .
A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick .
A girl kicking her leg up to the shoulder of a woman standing next to her .
A woman kicks at a man .
A man with a skateboard performs a trick .
A snowboarder does a trick on a railing .
A snowboarder grinding down a side rail .
A snowboarder is beginning his run .
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .
A boy in blue in trees .
A child in a jean jacket smiles while playing in a tree .
A young boy with blonde hair smiling while posing on a tree branch .
Blond , smiling boy in a denim coat , sitting in a tree .
Little boy climbing tree and smiling .
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl .
A girl is preparing to pour a bucket of water on man wearing a white shirt .
A girl is throwing a bucket of water on an older boy .
The little girl poured water from a bucket onto the person in the white shirt .
Two people are on a treated lawn playing with water .
A group of people dressed as zombies .
A large group of people with facepaint on gather outside .
Everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party .
Many people have painted faces at night .
people dressed up in zombie costumes are standing around .
A girl dressed in a red dress and another girl dressed as a pirate are playing around .
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose .
two girls dress up for halloween .
Two girls in red costumes play together .
Two little girls in red and black costumes are posing for a picture .
A man in a uniform costume stands next to a man in a horro costume .
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume .
people are at a costume party .
People at a costume party .
The bloodied man is a hit at the haloween party .
A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him .
A dirt bike in midair
A man on a motorbike in midair
A person is in the air on a contraption that resembles a bicycle .
Someone on a dirt bike , high in the air , near a building .
A guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip .
A man in a green shirt is skating on a railing .
A man in a white helmet and green shirt grinds on his rollerblades .
A man rollerblading on a metal bar .
Rollerblades sliding on a railing .
Two boys fight for the ball .
two field hockey players fight for the ball .
Two hockey players are trying to shoot the puck on the grass .
Two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey .
Two teenagers participate in a game of field hockey .
a boy visits a Amish community .
A group of Amish people are standing outside of a church .
A group of people waiting to go into a white building .
Amish looking people are outside a building , standing near a tree .
A religious sect gathered together .
A man is wearing a black mask and black clothing in a social setting .
A person wearing a mask .
a single man wear a black mask with several people in the background
Man dressed in black wearing elaborate black mask
Man with mask on raises hand .
A Miami basketball player .
An orange-clad Miami basketball player dribbles the ball while another man blocks
A tall black man playing basketball .
The basketball player is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
Two men play basketball ,
A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to .
A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked .
Basketball player holding the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball and looks across the court .
The man is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
A basketball player in orange has the ball while another in blue tries to block him .
A basketball player in orange is keeping the ball from a player in blue .
The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball .
The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform , who has the ball .
Two teams compete in a basketball game .
A white ad brown dog is running on grass
A white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass .
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass .
The small white dog jumps in the grass .
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass .
A basketball player wearing an orange uniform looks backwards .
The basketball player in the orange jersey is being guarded by the player in the blue jersey .
The basketball player looks around the court as another player tries to block him .
Two men from opposite teams playing basketball .
two men play basketball .
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
a man wears a orange jersey .
A Miami basketball player looks off in the distance .
The mans shirt is orange and has a United States flag patch on the shoulder .
The Miami basketball player is looking .
A man asleep on the ground at a subway station , holding a camera tripod .
A man holding a telescope and lying down on a train platform .
A man lays against a wall near train tracks .
A man rests against a cement pillar with his hands on metal equipment .
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway .
A dog can be seen from the inside of a car as it crosses the road .
A dog runs across the street in front of the car
An animal runs in the middle of a road .
Looking through a vehicle 's windshield at a dog crossing the road .
There is an animal crossing the road in front of a car .
A closeup of a man that is rock climbing .
A man cuts down a tree with an ax .
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree .
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe .
A man is scratching a rock with a red hammer .
A baseball player swinging a bat
A cricketer wielding a wears a white suit and black helmet with a face guard .
A man is wearing white and playing cricket .
Cricket player on field , swinging bat .
The person in the white uniform and kneepads is playing a game with a wooden racquet .
A group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance .
Three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery .
Three men sit on rocks in the sand while the man in the red hat and shirt looks out .
Three young men sit on rocks at the top of a mountian .
Two guys sit on rocks while another stands looking in the distance .
A redheaded woman looks behind her in a European courtyard .
a woman stamds in the middle of a brick road .
A woman with orange shoes stops in a square .
Lady in dark top , pring skirt , red socks and shoes walking .
Woman in long skirt in a town square .
A man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike .
A man wearing an orange suit riding a bicycle in a race .
A speed biker makes a sharp turn on his bicycle .
The biker is wearing a helmet .
The cyclist in the orange jersey turned a corner .
Men on horses displaying their flags at a joust .
Men ride on horses while carrying flags .
Men riding horses carrying flags in a jousting tournament .
Parade of men on horses with brightly colored flags .
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags .
A man in a yellow slicker holds a sign saying " down and out " .
An elderly lady in a yellow raincoat is sitting by a white building , holding up a cardboard sign to a car driving by .
Elderly woman in yellow parka pan handling
Man with a yellow coat and a cardboard sign .
Older woman in yellow jacket , holds sign saying " DOWN AND OUT " in urban area .
A man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background .
A man in a blue jacket holding a small white animal on a leash
A man in a blue jacket walks a small , white animal while a London Sightseeing bus drives behind him .
A man is on a sidewalk with a small animal on a leash .
An old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash .
A group of army members aim their guns .
military personnel dressed in fatigues and ear protection laying on their stomachs shooting guns .
Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles .
Military personnel shoot rifles .
People dressed in camo are bent down getting ready to fire their guns .
A group of cyclists race uphill on foot with their bikes on their shoulders .
Bicyclists are carrying their bicycles up a hill .
Cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill .
people carry their bikes up the hill .
Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
A girl in orange lights a candle .
A girl wearing orange is lighting a candle .
A young girl lighting candles among the flowers at a cemetery .
Girl in orange shirt lighting white candles .
A brown dog is laying in the snow .
A brown dog is laying on snow .
A brown dog lays in the snow while posing for a picture .
A brown dog playing in the snow .
a tan dog is sitting in some snow
Two dogs jumping on one another on a grassy area covered in leaves .
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves .
Two puppies are playing in the leaves .
two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves
Two small dogs , light and dark colored , fighting on leaves .
A band member jumps in the air .
A group of people jump in the air while playing music in the street .
A man in blue pants is jumping while band plays music .
People talk near stereo equipment outdoors .
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music .
A boy in a blue wetsuit is riding a surfboard
A boy rides a surfboard over a small wave in bright blue water .
A boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard .
The boy is riding a blue board in the water .
Two kids in blue wetsuits surf .
A black and white dog carries a ball toy .
A black and white dog carries a red toy through the green grass .
A black and white dog holds the handle of a large red round toy in a field
Black and white dog carrying a red ball .
The proud dog returns with the toy it fetched .
A man in a white shirt and jeans playing an accordion .
A man in white is playing a black accordion .
A man plays an accordion on a park bench .
A man plays an accordion .
A seated boy plays the accordion .
A man and dog walk down cement steps while a woman in a headscarf looks on from a seated position on the bottom step .
A man walks his black dog down the cement steps where a woman dressed in black sits .
A woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase , a bus behind her .
A young man walks his dog down some steps where a black-clad woman is sitting
One woman is sitting on steps another woman is coming down them .
A man plays a song on the guitar for his cat .
A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him .
A man plays his yellow guitar while staring at his cat .
A man , sitting by his computer , playing guitar to his cat .
The man is playing guitar and sitting with a cat .
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts .
A group of women with black shirts .
Four women in front of Odeon wear similar black , pink and white superman type shirts and jean skirts .
Girls in matching outfits , one holding inflatable toy , outside of ODEON building .
Girls walking in the street on a sunny day .
A brown and white dog licking its chops while sitting in a green room with a tile floor .
a brown dog is licking its lips whilst standing next to two empty feeding bowls .
A brown pitbull licks its chops as it waits for the empty food bowl to be filled .
A dog is licking its lips while sitting beside two feeding tray .
A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish .
A boy and a girl dancing .
A boy and girl are dancing .
a boy in brown shorts is dancing with a girl wearing a green hood in a wooden floored room whilst other children look on .
A little girl and a little boy are facing each other .
Two children facing each other are doing a dance .
A group of children are sitting on a raft wearing blue helmets and carrying paddles .
A group of kids paddle a raft made of sticks and rope .
Children paddle on a craft .
Children wearing life preserves and helmets , and holding an oar , sit on a raft in water .
several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards .
A man is waterskiing on one ski and jumping out of the water .
A wakeboarder leaps in the air .
A waterskier is jumping through the air whilst holding onto the line .
The man on the board uses the wave to jump high into the air .
A smiling woman with red lips wearing a white sweater and black hat is waving .
A stocky woman with black hair stands smiling and waving among dried corn stalks .
A woman in a yellow fluffy shirt waving next to dried corn husks .
A woman waving at the camera and smiling .
A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk .
A dog corners a little girl next to a police cruiser .
A girl playing with a dog near a police car .
A large white dog , a girl , and a police car in a driveway and an SUV in a garage .
A little girl is playing with a large , white poodle in the driveway next to a police car .
The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway .
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball .
A brown dog running after a red ball .
A dog chasing a pink ball .
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park .
Brown dog chasing a pink ball .
a group of people making excited expressions with their hands
A group of people who look very excited about something stand outdoors .
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
Several young people celebrate by clapping and cheering .
The group makes faces and hand gestures for the camera .
A man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him .
A man makes a video while another watches .
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles .
A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event .
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera .
A man has bleached tips in his Afro style hair and is on a cellphone .
A man with black hair and blonde tips talks on his cellphone
A man with crazy hair is sitting with his fingers in his ears .
A man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call .
A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call .
a blonde haired girl in an Obama t-shirt is smiling at the camera .
A girl with long hair wearing an Obama t-shirt .
a woman wearing a t-shirt that says Obama
A young women wears an " Obama " t-shirt .
Woman in Obama t-shirt smiling .
A group of girls in cheerleader clothing tosses another girl into the air with an athletic field in the background .
A group of young women , one up in the air .
Cheerleaders throw girl in air .
Five girls cheerleading .
The cheerleaders toss their fellow member in the air .
A black and white dog looking up .
A black and white dog stares up into the sky on a sunny day .
A dog in a grassy field , looking up .
A dog looking up in a grassy field .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
Four guys playing soccer on the pavement .
Four people are playing soccer in a desolate field with a tree nearby .
Four people playing soccer at a distance .
Four people playing soccer on a brown surface .
four soccer players play on the pavement .
A man in a black sweatshirt holds up an Obama sign .
A man in black holds up an Obama 08 sign .
A man raises a campaign sign over his head .
An excited supporter of the Obama ticket for the 2008 presidential election .
An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Three people with political signs .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace .
A black man with a necklace is starring off camera .
A man looks straight ahead at night .
A man with black skin and short hair wears a necklace and gray shirt .
An man of African heritage is wearing a grey shirt and silver neck chain .
A black and brown dog chewing on a stick
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick .
A brown and black dog laying down and gnawing on the end of a stick .
A dog chews on a stick .
A dog gnawing on a bone .
A woman in a skirt walks down a path .
a woman walks on boards .
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
Several people in a park walking on a low wooden boardwalk .
The woman wearing the brown skirt is carrying a black bag along a wooden walkway .
A city square with a large red wall and people walking about .
A town square of cobblestones with many people walking through it
Average , everyday people walk by a facility .
Group of people on a brick plaza .
People walk through a square .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
A man walks in the city .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods .
a closeup of someone 's hands shooting a black gun
A pair of hands is shooting a black gun in the direction of trees .
A person in a blue shirt shoots a gun .
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods .
a large woman sits in a port a john .
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them .
A woman , wearing an apron , sits outside three portable toilets .
A woman who cleans out port-a-potties rests .
The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms .
A man talking on a cellphone is holding a blue banner .
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign .
The man in glasses carrying an Obama poster is talking on a cellphone .
The Obama supporter wears a black jacket and brown hat .
Yong man with cellphone and goatee holding Obama sign
A man wearing a Barack Obama shirt smiles for the camera
A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup .
A young man touts an Obama t-shirt .
This is a man holding a cup and wearing an Obama t-shirt .
This man is wearing a Barack Obama T-shirt and carrying a drink .
A couple of men in hats posing for a picture by a gas station .
Two guys wearing jackets .
Two men in hats pose together .
Two men wearing hats .
Two men wearing hats stand together and smile .
A car sponsored by Riwal is smoking its tires on a wet road .
A race car drives along a track in the rain
A racing car is driving around a wet track with its headlights on .
A small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track .
A sponsored race car is driving with lights on a wet raceway .
A man is raising his hand in the air and has a t-shirt with the united states on it .
A man makes celebratory gestures among a crowd at night .
man and woman cheering
People yell with their arms streched at night .
The man and one of the women have their hands raised .
A boy and girl bounce on a trampoline nearby a playground and area of foliage .
A little girl and boy jump on a trampoline outside .
Children playing on a trampoline .
Two children bounce on a trampoline .
Two small children sitting and jumping on a trampoline .
A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street .
A group of men and women are in wedding attire .
Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers
many brides line up on the street .
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water , with a field of dry grass in the background .
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .
A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland .
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below .
The dog is jumping into the lake .
A girl in a swimming pool playing badminton while a lady watches .
A woman in a pink bathing suit holds a badminton racket while another lady looks on .
A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool .
One woman sitting beside the pool while another plays badminton in the pool .
Woman playing badminton in the pool while another woman looks on .
A boy in black is jumping .
A boy jumping with a sunset in the background .
A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long sleeve shirt .
The child is jumping at dusk .
Young boy jumping with sunset behind him
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball
A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball .
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
A black man and a large , golden dog are on the beach .
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A man kneels in the wet sand at a beach near a dog .
A man playing with his brown dog on the beach .
Man and dog standing on the beach .
A man is bungee jumping from a platform whilst being watched by someone above him .
A man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing .
A person bungee jumping with the coordinator watching from above .
A view from below of a man bungee jumping
This man is bungee jumping .
a closeup photo of a small dog with a holey ball in his mouth .
A dog carrying a white ball .
A dog fetches a ball in a field .
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is carrying a whiffle ball outside
A man performs a ski jump in the snow .
A skier in a black top making a jump with a blue and white sign on pile of snow underneath .
A skier high in the air after a jump .
Man on skis attempting to jump over a snow pile
The skier is airborne after going off the ramp .
An ATV racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere .
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .
A person is riding an ATV through the dirt .
ATV rider spinning his wheels .
The quad runner goes up the sand dune .
Three boys in orange shorts are walking on the rocks beside a woodland stream .
Three boys in swimming trunks walk upstream .
Three men only in shorts walking along a river
Three people walking along a stream in a jungle .
Three people wearing shorts walk on rocks along the side of a stream in the woods .
a group of dogs pulling a sled through the snow .
A team of dogs are pulling a sled over snow .
A team of dogs pulling a sled .
A team of dogs pulling a sled down a snow covered road .
Sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest .
A man in yellow standing between two waterfalls .
A man standing between waterfalls .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls .
A person wearing a yellow shirt just jumped from the top of the waterfall .
A person wearing a yellow shirt stands between two waterfalls .
A black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field .
A dog is bounding through tall grass .
A dog jumps and runs through tall grass with an orange rope under its legs .
a dog jumps in the field .
A dog runs into an autumn forest with an orange line attached .
A swan unfurling his wings over the water with a second swan in the background .
Two geese in dark blue water one goose has wings outstreached the other is starting a dive .
Two swans are in the water , the one in front is flapping its wings .
two white geese on the surface of the ocean
Two white swans on the water .
A bunch of people sit in their jeeps on a dirt road .
A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path .
Many people are in a line of traffic and all are in jeeps .
Many villages in Jeeps fill a rural roadway .
Outdoor area crowded with jeeps packed with people , seen from behind .
A runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out .
one baseball player running toward a base with another waiting on the base
These two people are in baseball uniforms , making a play at base .
Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
Two people playing baseball .
A man in a flower patterned shirt is bowling .
A person bending over to pick up a ball at a bowling alley
People at the bowling alley .
The person in the white flowered shirt is bending down at the ball return in the bowling alley .
Two people at the bowling alley .
A blond girl with a poster poses with a black haired girl .
Two costumed women holding a poster entitled " prom night " .
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Two women hold a promotional poster from a movie .
two women hold up a flyer for the movie " prom night " .
A man and 2 women in dark clothing .
Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black .
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together .
Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf .
Young man with red stains on face , with two women , posing in black clothing .
A boy wearing full riding gear is riding his bike down a paved road .
A child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike
A cyclist riding a bicycle on a road .
A young man in a bicycle helmet rides on a street .
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
A dog runs down a footbride in the fall .
A fluffy dog runs across a bridge near a forest .
a tan jump running across a narrow bridge .
A white dog is running over a bridge .
A white dog running over a bridge .
A girl holds a blow-up tiger while another girl is in a costume .
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
Girls sit in costumes .
The girl wearing black is holding a toy and is sitting next to a girl in costume .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
A man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him .
A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest .
A man steps off of a boulder .
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
A young man poses as he jumps in midair between two rocks in a highland .
Movers getting furniture through a window on the second floor and amused passers by .
People are pulling something out of a second story window
People are walking on a street outside of a building .
People holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor .
People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys .
A group of young men wrestle with each other wielding a floppy toy sword .
Teenagers are playing with a toy sword .
The three people are playing around with a fake knife .
Three men with mouths open and one is holding a fake sword
Two young men pretend to attack a third man with a colorful prop knife .
The man wears a white hat and poses with a blonde woman and a black haired woman .
Three people are dressed for a costume party .
Three people dressed in costumes pose for the camera .
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people
Three smiling people in various costumes .
A couple hug each other , while holding a toy tiger .
A couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger .
A couple with an inflatable tiger .
a couple posing with a plastic orange and white tiger
A man dressed as a safari hunter poses with a woman and his inflatable tiger toy .
A boy and a girl are dressed in colorful costumes .
A man in a red costume is talking to a girl in a Snow White costume .
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson 's ' Thriller ' video .
Two people dressed in costumes .
Two people dressed in costumes talk to each other .
A blond lady and an Asian guy have blood stains on their face and neck .
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture .
A man and woman dressed in costume pose for the camera .
An Asian man is dressed as an explorer is posing with a woman dressed up as a movie starlet .
Woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit .
a group of three people walking together .
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies .
Three people , faces obscured , standing in formal dress .
Two women in dark clothes are taking a picture with a man in a colorful coat .
Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away .
A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach .
A black dog and a dog that is brown and white stand in the water .
The large black dog and a small red and white dog are standing in the water .
Two dogs are sniffing each other while standing in a body of water .
Two dogs in the water .
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
two woman competing in a sporting event
Two women are playing a game with sticks and a small white ball .
Two women are reaching with sticks for a ball during a sports game .
Two women playing field hockey .
A group of speed skaters making a turn with a blue advertisement behind them .
Three ice skaters round a corner .
Three people racing on ice skates .
Three speed skaters racing down the ice rink .
Three speed skaters skating .
a lone surfboarder surfing a wave riding a white surfboard .
A man catches a huge wave on his surfboard .
A surfboarder going down a wave .
A surfer makes a turn on a wave .
The surfer is riding a wave .
A group of little girls jumping together in a backyard .
Several young girls playing on a trampoline with a blue covering .
Three girls happily jumping .
Three girls jumping on a trampoline .
Young girls play together with glee and joy .
A man is jumping on another man with a white face and long hair in a wrestling Ring .
A man performs a wrestling move on the wrestler in the rink .
A professional wrestler takes a flying leap onto another wrestler .
A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring .
People are watching the wrestler fall .
A driver is at the wheel of a race car .
A man inside a red race car gives a thumbs up sign .
A man is in a red race car while another man is at the back of it .
A man is smiling whilst sitting inside a red racing car .
A race car driver smiles and gives the thumbs up before a race .
A black and white dog in the grass holding a pine cone in its mouth .
A black and white dog is biting on a pine cone on the grass .
A black and white dog playing with a pine cone .
A dog eating a pine cone .
A dog plays with a pine cone .
A group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire .
A group of people are walking down a road passing by some barb-wire .
A group of people carrying bags walk near a barb wire fence .
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings .
A small group of black adults and children are walking on a brown surface .
A boy dances as another boy stands on a short brick wall .
Two boys are playing on very old architectural structures .
Two boys play outside a building .
Two people stand outside near an arched doorway .
Young boys playing in front of fortess gate
A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence .
A skateboarder in a light green shirt .
A young male wearing a blue shirt rides a skateboard in an outdoor park at night .
A young man skateboards at night by a fence .
A brown dog leaps in the air over colorful leafs
A dog is jumping in the air over some leaves .
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
A dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves .
The small brown dog is amidst the potted plants and fallen leaves .
A woman in a race turning a corner .
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .
Cyclist speeding down the trail .
Female cyclist riding on a dirt course .
Woman on blue bicycle wearing helmet
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire .
A brown dog in an orange collar shaking off water .
A brown dog is shaking off after getting wet .
A wet dog shaking off the water with an orange collar .
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off .
A woman and a man playing instruments .
A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin .
A woman in a plaid skirt is playing a violin in a park-like setting with other band members .
A woman in black tights is holding a fiddle .
A woman is playing violin in a plaid skirt and black shirt .
A female lawn hockey player hitting the ball
A girl in an orange uniform hits a ball in field hockey .
A girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey .
An athletic girl in an orange uniform is on a playing field of green grass and swinging at a ball .
A woman hockey player in an orange strip is striking the ball with her stick .
A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair .
A young boy is pushing someone with a broken foot into the hospital .
A young boy pushes a large man in a wheelchair .
a young child pushes a large man in a wheelchair .
The little boy is pushing a man in a wheelchair .
A dog in water carrying a long stick .
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water .
A large furry dog walking through the water with a big stick in his mouth .
The dog is holding a branch , swimming in the river .
The dog retrieves the branch from the water .
The boys dressed in athletic wear perform exercises on the grass .
Two boys are running around a field .
Two men are running side by side in a field .
Two men run across a field near a parking lot
two teenagers playing ultimate Frisbee
A boy surfs .
A young boy rides on a surfboard with light blue water behind him .
A young male surfing .
a young surfer surfs the large blue wave .
young boy surfing on blue water
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps .
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
a young man jumping through the air near a staircase
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air .
A black dog running through a long orange tunnel .
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel
A brown dog running through a large orange tube .
a brown dog runs through a orange tunnel .
The dog is running through a tunnel
one large brown dog running alongside a black and white dog .
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees .
Two dogs are running through a grassy area near tall trees .
Two dogs running in the grass .
Two dog with trees in the background .
A boy is jumping over a large hole in the ground .
A person jumping into a hole .
A wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch .
A young boy jumps in the air on a pathway under construction in the hills .
The little kids is jumping off a ledge and into the dirt below it .
a tennis player hits the ball .
A tennis player hits the ball and makes a serious face .
A woman in a green sport outfit is attempting to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball .
Female tennis player dressed in green hits yellow ball
A boy in a hat stands barefoot at the edge of a body of water .
a boy wearing red plays in the creek .
A person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves .
A young boy makes a splash in the water near the rocks .
The boy in the red hat and shirt is wading in the shallows of the river .
A dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth
A dog runs on brown grass .
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball .
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth .
The black and white dog is in the brown grass with a ball in his mouth .
Four children on stools in a diner .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
Four young children sitting on large bar stools next to a counter .
Four young kids are sitting on large stools at a bar waiting for drinks
A curious dog sniffs at grocery bags on a counter .
A dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags .
A dog standing on his hind legs has his head and front paws on the kitchen counter .
Dog climbs counter with red grocery bags
Dog on two legs leaning against a counter with filled bags .
A group of men play soccer on the field .
A man in a red uniform leaps in the air as one in a white uniform tries to kick a ball .
During a soccer game , one man is in the air while another has one foot down .
The soccer player in white is challenging the player in red for the ball in midair .
Two soccer teams are playing , one is in white the other in red .
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area .
A mountain biker jumps off of a fence while going downhill .
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees .
A person riding a bike in the woods .
Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing .
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road .
A man in shorts skateboards down the street .
A skateboarder in striped shorts skating down a street .
A teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean .
Shirtless , tattooed man rides skateboard down blurring street near beach .
A group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses .
A group of greyhounds racing with jerseys and muzzles .
A group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms with numbers run down a track .
Four greyhound dogs are racing against each other in a competition .
Racing dogs , wearing jerseys with numbers , run by .
A surfer on a wave with two others in the background .
Distant surfer rides wave toward shore , two other surfers in background .
Several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach .
Someone is riding a blue wave .
Surfers are riding their boards on large waves .
A man sits on the grass and drinks from a water bottle .
A man sitting on a soccer field drinking a bottle of water .
An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water .
A soccer player is sitting on the field drinking from a water bottle .
A soccer player sits on the field drinking water .
A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard .
A child turning a crank with benches behind him .
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area .
A young boy standing in a courtyard turning a crank .
Young boy turning a crank in the street .
A white and brown dog is leaping through the air .
A white and brown dog runs in a field .
a white dog jumps into the air .
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .
The white and brown dog runs across the grass .
A beige dog with orange vest running on withering grass .
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass .
A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit .
A light-colored dog wearing orange plays in the grass .
The white dog is wearing orange clothing and running through the grass .
A female tennis player readies herself .
A girl is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis .
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball .
A woman wearing a white shirt and a short , black skirt is in motion on a green , artificial surface .
A male surfer is on his stomach and riding a wave .
A man on a blue surfboard is on a wave .
A surfboarder prepares to catch a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
Person riding wave on stomach on a blue surfboard .
Two guys running along a wall .
Two men holding their arms out from their bodies .
Two men in red shirts appear to be walking on the exterior walls of a decorative building .
Two men in red shirts walking on the walls of a white building .
Two men wearing dark pants and red shirts are leaping in-synch in front of a white building .
A black and white dog with a blue toy in its mouth runs on a grassy surface just beyond a fence .
a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth .
A black dog is running with a blue bone in his mouth .
A black dog running with a blue toy in his mouth .
A dog is running with a blue bone in its mouth
A man in a yellow jacket is riding a horse through the mountains .
A man rides a horse , while mountains and clouds are shown in the background .
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background .
Man sitting on brown horse with mountains in background .
A boy in a pumpkin patch making a funny face with his arms in the air .
A boy in a Redskins jersey jumps up to scare a patch of pumpkins .
A boy is standing stretching his arms out whilst standing in a pumpkin patch .
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins .
A young boy in a red football jersey makes a large gesture as he stands in the midst of pumpkins .
A little girl playing piggyback with her father on a blanket in the park .
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
A man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back .
A small girl sitting on a man 's back .
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for " Touchdown ! "
A girl in a colorful skirt and blue shirt pounces onto her bed .
A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt .
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed .
A young girl in a colorful skirt is in the midst of falling onto a bed .
Woman in multicolor skirt airborne above a bed with a multicolor bedspread .
Killer whales perform for a crowd .
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld .
Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd .
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch .
A child , held by his mother , slides down a water slide .
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool .
A woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool .
A woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap .
A woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool .
A brown dog is running in a yard .
a brown dog jumping through the grass .
A brown dog runs in the grass with a wooden fence behind .
A dog running in a fenced yard
Brown dog running on grass .
a dog runs for the tennis ball .
A German shepherd runs after a tennis ball
A tan and black dog chases a yellow ball .
Shepherd dog catches tennis ball
The German shepherd dog is chasing after a ball .
A big black and brown dog plays outdoors .
A black and tan dog leaps over the green grass .
A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .
A dog runs .
A German shepherd jumps left on patchy grass .
An elderly indian lady is wearing an orange headscarf and bangles .
an elderly woman smiles for the camera .
A smiling old woman in India is covered by a safron shawl .
A woman wearing an orange scarf smiles and looks at the camera .
Old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand .
A woman holding a child is walking through water .
A woman in yellow carries a child in the water .
A woman is carrying a child through a small river .
A woman is carrying her child while sifting through shallow water .
Lady carrying her child in the river .
A soccer player in a red and white uniform was chasing the soccer ball and was tripped by a player in a purple uniform .
The guys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in purple keeps the ball from the man in red .
Two soccer players are fighting over a soccer ball on a grassy field .
two soccer players kick a soccer ball .
An older lady dressed in winter clothes looks out over a white balcony .
A woman in a coat and scarf behind a white railing .
A woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail .
close-up of a lady in a coat and a purple scarf sitting on a blue chair
The elderly person enjoys sitting on the deck on cold but sunny day .
The three ladies stand at attention in their native garb .
Three people , dressed in green , orange , and yellow , holding hands with one another .
Three thin women in colorful dresses .
Three women in brightly colored dresses .
three women wearing bright colored dresses hold hands .
A large dog and a small one walk with their toys .
A small white dog is carrying something blue in its mouth and a bigger brown and black dog is carrying something orange in its mouth .
Two dogs playing outside near the water .
Two dogs play with each other outdoors .
Two dogs walking with their toys .
A man in a white helmet clings to a sheer rock face
A man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing .
A man with all his equipment rock climbing .
A rock climber wearing a white helmet .
Bearded man rock climbing .
A black dog lays in the sand .
A black dog sits in sand .
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand .
a black lab sits in the sand .
A brown dog sits on the beach .
A boy stands in a pool outside .
A little boy is playing in some water at a waterpark .
A shirtless child is bent over playing in shallow pool water .
a young boy playing in a pool .
A young boy plays in the water of a shallow swimming pool .
A baseball pitcher is bowling the ball .
A man playing baseball , throwing the ball .
A pitcher throws the ball .
Minor league pitcher
The guy is in a baseball uniform , in a baseball field , and is throwing a baseball
A looker on catches a motocross bike on its side after a spill while another races by .
A man on a dirt bike zipping away while another one slips to the ground and a third man in a yellow jacket looks on .
A man on a motorcycle making a tight turn
A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .
Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider .
A blonde boy and a girl in pajamas with make-up .
A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face .
A little girls puts her arm around a little boy .
a young girl hugs a little boy .
the little boy sitting next to the girl is covering his face with his hand .
A child is riding on a man 's back .
A man and a boy wrestle inside a house .
A man is giving a little boy a piggy back on the floor .
A man wrestling with a child on the floor .
a young boy playing on another mans back
the legs of two athletes playing soccer on a field
The lower halves of two kids playing soccer
Two guys in soccer attire chasing a soccer ball .
Two people play soccer while three people watch .
Two soccer players chasing a ball in the grass .
A black and white dog is carrying a blue ball through the yard of a house in a tropical location .
A black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard .
A dog plays with a blue spiky ball in the grass .
a dog plays with a toy .
Black and white dog has blue ball in mouth .
A brown white dog shaking water off .
A bulldog with a red bandanna shakes off water .
a dog shakes dry .
A wet bulldog shakes off water .
A wet dog shaking its self dry .
A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves
Little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves .
The two young girls are dressed as fairies , and are playing in the leaves outdoors .
Two small girls dressed as fairies .
two small girls walk along the leaves .
A greyhound in a race wearing a metal muzzle .
A white and black dog racing on a track
A white dog with a mouthpiece and a red collar running .
A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .
A white racing dog with a muzzle is racing around the turn of a dirt track .
A boy sits between two girls on a swing .
Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set .
Three people on swings .
Three people wearing green shirts ride together on the swings .
Two girls swing on with a boy , all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans .
a blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch .
Four people are cavorting on the rocks at a river 's edge
People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .
Three people on a rocky cliff over a body of water .
A man is wind sailing in the ocean .
A man stands on a sailboat in the water .
A man windsurfs near the beach .
A person is windsurfing in the water .
A wind-surfer in near the beach .
One small dog chases another across grass .
Two dogs run on the grass .
Two little white dogs with brown spots are running in the grass .
Two small white and brown dogs chase after each other in the grass .
two spotted dogs are running through a field
A skier doing a high jump from a snowy ramp near a mountain range .
A ski jumper enjoys winter fun .
A snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign .
a snowboarder is up in the air having taken off from a big jump in a tournament .
A snowboarder jumps off a large ramp in the mountains .
The two dogs are jumping .
Two brown and white dogs racing across a lawn .
Two brown and white dogs running across grass .
Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn .
Two small white and brown dogs bound in unison .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at night .
A man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street .
A skateboarder jumping a traffic cone .
A young man taking a jump on a skateboard .
The skateboarder does a jump near a traffic cone .
a closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants .
A distorted picture of two men walking in the street .
A man in brown pants has his picture enlarged and stretched .
A man wearing carpenters pants and a green hooded sweatshirt walks down the street .
A man with a dark blue jacket and brown pants stands beside another man in front of a building .
A man in a yellow helmet is walking with a yellow bicycle near a group a of protesters .
A man is walking alongside a yellow bike on a sidewalk .
A man on a street with his yellow bike
A man wearing a yellow and black helmet walks with his yellow bike .
a man wearing a yellow bike helmet walking his yellow bike along a sidewalk
A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk .
A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons .
A street with pigeons , a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench .
The birds are in the street .
two woman eating at a table with a lot of pigeons on the street next to them
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
A dog is taking a dive into a body of water .
A dog leaps over the water from a rock .
The dog is leaping into the water .
A man looks at a woman and she smiles .
A man looks at a woman 's face while they talk .
a man stares at a lady .
A middle aged man is looking at the middle aged woman .
An older man gives a woman an amused look .
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind .
One man riding a surfboard and one man laying on a surfboard on light waves .
two surfers are riding waves in open water .
Two surfers on riding a small wave .
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves .
A bicylist riding in the mountains .
A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike .
A man rides his bike over a bump on a dirt path .
A mountain biker jumps a rock on a mountain .
Man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air .
Five small white dogs are wearing muzzles and running .
Five white and white and brown , muzzled dogs run across a green , grassy lawn .
Five white dogs with muzzles are running towards the camera .
Little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass .
Several dogs in muzzles are racing on the grass .
A girl with a short haircut and eyebrow piercing bites her finger and crosses her arms .
A very pale redheaded teen has her hand to her face thinking .
A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose .
A woman with red hair holds her hand to her mouth and looks pensive .
Woman with short red hair stands alone with a worried look on her face .
A dog runs through the woods .
A pale tan dog romps through a wooded area
A tan dog is carrying a small object in its mouth .
a tan dog running
A yellow dog is trotting through the leaves .
A man in a brown jacket and a white shirt looks to his side .
A man in a brown jacket looking off to the side
A white man in a jacket looks to his left
A young man standing in a crowded area .
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off camera .
Naked children play on the muddy riverbank .
Three boys playing in the mud .
Three children in rural area playing in muddy water .
Three naked children playing in muddy water .
Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up .
Two girls in backless dresses .
Two girls in evening wear are looking back and smiling .
Two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses
Two smiling women in backless dresses facing away from the camera have their heads turned to look behind them .
Two women wearing bare-back dresses look over their shoulder for a picture .
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table .
A group of people looking at sound equipment .
People are inspecting sound equipment indoors .
People examine equipment .
Six people standing behind electrical equipment .
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .
A person at a computer , and five people in the seating area .
A person is sitting at a computer working while people wait .
A person working on a computer with other equipment with three other individuals in the background talking .
Several people standing around and operating computer equipment
A girl in a blue sweater with a white pattern is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A girl in a sweater diving into a pile of leaves .
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard .
A man in a blue shirt , black jacket , and glasses smiling with his arms crossed .
A man in a leather coat and glasses smiles .
A man in a leather jacket grins with his teeth showing .
A man wearing glasses , a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile
A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket .
A man holds up an electronic device while he and another male look on .
A man takes a picture of him and his friend with his phone .
A man takes a picture of himself and another guy .
Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone .
Two men taking a picture together with the phone of one of the men
a blonde man looks at the camera .
The blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes .
Two men dressed in blue face each other .
Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd .
Two men , with sunglasses on their heads , talking .
A brightly lit urban street with lots of people walking across a street .
A busy city street as people are walking .
A crowd scene in a downtown area .
Blurry people walking in the city at night .
Many people are walking on a busy street at night .
An elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book .
An elder woman in a hat and scarf is looking through a book she has in her hands .
An older woman wearing a hat reads a book .
An old lady consulting a paperback book .
A woman in a white hat reading a book .
A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
A motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd .
The motocross rider does a trick in the air .
A bunch of bikes racing on a track .
A group of men on motorcycles round the corner on a racetrack .
A group of motorcyclists in a race .
A motorcycle race on a racetrack .
Numbered motorcycles round the turn on a racetrack with billboards in the background .
Two men are standing in a recording studio .
two men in a dim room surrounded by several computers
Two men looking at each other with computer monitors in the foreground .
two men stand behind a table containing computers and microphones .
Two men stand inside an enclosed area with multiple computers present .
A female wearing all black is speaking to a room full of people .
A gathering of people with computers and videocameras .
A teacher is standing in front of a small class while being filmed
a woman is being videotaped whilst giving a presentation to a group of people .
Lecture takes place in casual atmosphere .
A dog stands on his hind legs while another dog looks on .
The brown dog watches as the black dog jumps in the grass .
Two brown dogs in a grassy field , one jumping for a ball .
Two dogs play ball in a field near a street
Two dogs playing with a small blue ball in a grassy field .
A black and white dog with a green collar stands in front of a sign .
A dog is jumping into a pool for a swim competition
A dog jumping off a dock into a pool of water .
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas .
The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool .
Four girls in evening attire pose for a picture .
four girls in evening wear are posing for a photograph .
Four woman wearing formal gowns pose together and smile .
Four women are standing together , posing for a picture .
Four women in dresses pose together .
a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean .
A man parasurfs in the ocean
A person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line .
A person in green surfing a wave .
A person on a surfboard in the waves , holding onto a tether .
At the bottom of a set of stairs , there are two men and a tent .
Men in a khaki-colored tent outside in a rundown area .
People in a tent shelter near the bottom of stairs .
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall .
Two people in a tent near a rock wall .
A class full of students .
A classroom of students watching a presentation .
A conference is being held that involves laptops and big screen presentations .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
Three man looking into the distance
Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean .
Three men are staring at the big , green hills in the distance .
Three men looking at grass covered hill .
Three men stand on a mountain looking at another .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave .
A person riding a surfboard comes up over a large wave .
A surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean .
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .
The surfer makes a reentry move on a wave .
A man dressed in all white is talking to the people seated on the dirt floor .
A man in a long white robe and white head cap is pointing to a group of people sitting on a blanket .
A man in a white robe stands and talks to people who are sitting .
A man wearing a long white robe and a white cap , stands over a group of seated people .
The children are sitting with their shoes off .
A bicycler does a trick in the air and his shadow is captured on the ceiling .
A boy doing a trick in the air on his bicycle
A man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle .
A man performing a bicycle trick inside in midair .
The man is doing a trick on a bike in midair .
A man in a leather jacket and leather boots .
A man in mostly leather clothing stands in a nighttime entertainment area .
A man wearing a leather jacket poses in front of the camera .
Black man in black leather jacket
Man in leather motorcycle gear .
A man and two woman dressed like vampires complete with scary makeup .
A man and two women dressed in costumes .
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
Some party goers pose in their costumes at a halloween party .
Three people wearing dark costumes and make-up pose for a picture .
A group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
Four women dressed in costume , one with a pink wig , look to the left .
Four women dressed up in funny costumes .
Four women pose in their alien costumes .
Three women wearing wigs .
A woman holding a baby and making faces at it .
A woman holding a baby up and making a funny face
A woman makes faces at a small child .
The man wearing glasses holds a baby wearing blue .
the woman is making faces at the baby that she is holding .
A man attempts to push another who is carrying a ball .
A soccer player prepares to tackle a player from the rival team .
A soccer player pushes another player as he catches the ball .
One rugby player holding a ball is getting hit from behind by another player .
Two players from different teams fighting for the white , red , and black ball .
A group of people display ribbons won by their dogs .
A group of people pose in a grassy field with their dogs .
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road .
Five people stand in the grass with three dogs .
Five women and three dogs posing for a picture .
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .
A man wears a golden mask with his hair spiked and a yellow shirt .
A man wears a gold sun mask .
A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face .
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .
A girl and guy dressed up in costumes
A man dressed as " Teen Wolf " hugs a woman made up like a vampire .
A man in a werewolf mask is with a woman wearing elf ears .
The man wearing the mask and sunglasses has his arm around the woman who is wearing fake pointed ears .
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .
A person waving is hanging off a zip line .
A woman harnessed to a cable by a pulley .
A woman on a harness hanging from a rope waves at the camera .
A woman rapels through barren treetops .
A woman waves as she rides a zip line .
A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another .
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her .
A woman holds a baby in a blue jumper .
A woman holds a toddler .
A woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock .
A brown and white dog walking on concrete debris with a gravel pile in the background .
A brown dog is making its way through a pile of junk .
A dog is in a landfill .
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble .
A tan dog is climbing down a pile of concrete rubble .
A goalie blocking the goal with assistance from a teammate during a hockey game .
A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on .
A hockey play shooting for a goal in a professional game .
Hockey players scramble in front of the goal .
The goalie with the white jersey allowed a goal by the player on the red team .
A dog runs over a stick in the leaves .
A small white dog is jumping over a branch on the ground covered with leaves .
A small white dog leaps over a root in the woods .
A white dog jumps over a log .
A white dog running in the fallen leaves .
A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth .
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water .
A dog wading in the water with a ball in his mouth
A wet , brownish-red dog with an orange ball in his mouth is swimming in some water .
Brown dog in water , with orange and blue ball in mouth .
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard .
A man in a green shirt attempts a back flip with the help of his friend .
A man in a green shirt begins to jump over backwards as another helps him .
One man helps another man start a back flip
One man is helping another man with red shorts do a back flip in the yard .
A boy playing in a pile of dead leaves .
A young boy is bursting out of a pile of dead leaves .
A young boy is playing in leaves .
A young boy with his eyes closed tossing leaves while sitting in a leaf pile .
The child is playing in the leaves .
A man holds a microphone to his mouth , backlit by green lights .
A man in a shirt sings into a microphone onstage
A man sings into a microphone in front of a green light .
A man with a microphone .
A signer standing in green light .
a lone surfer surfing a large collapsing wave in the ocean .
A person is surfing under a large wave .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A surfer riding under a wave .
Water splashing up against something .
A boy is standing on a snowboard in front of a crowd .
A crowd stands in the background watching someone sliding down a ramp on a board .
A crowd watching a snowboarder .
A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
Snowboarder is standing on his board while the crowd watches him .
a kayaker wearing yellow fights the rapids .
A man goes through whitewater in a kayak .
A man is riding a kayak through water .
A man kayaks in rough water .
A man kiyaking in rough water .
A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches .
A man in a number ten jersey kicks a soccer ball while another team member watches .
A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .
Number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches .
Two men in blue jersey tops and white shorts play soccer ,
A group of men playing against each other in a football match .
five men playing in a soccer game
People outside playing soccer .
Rugby players competing in a match .
These people are playing a soccer type game .
A wave splashes the rocks as seagulls fly by .
Birds are fleeing a rock that has recently been splashed by heavy waves .
Seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it .
Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves .
Waves crashing against rocks with seagulls flying over .
A group of people ride a blue roller coaster on its way down from a turn .
A large group of people are riding on a blue roller coaster .
A very very wide roller coaster trundles down the track .
People are riding a blue roller coaster-like ride with wide seating mechanisms .
There are a lot of people on the roller coaster .
A boy holding a plate over his head .
A boy wearing blue is standing in the middle of a room holding a plate above his head .
a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm .
The child wearing striped pants is holding an object .
The young boy is pretend playing with boxes .
A bunch of people rowing a canoe , with a boat full of people in the background .
A group of men in a canoe paddle down a river .
a team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat
Men wearing brown shirts with orange vests rowing orange and green boats .
Rowers racing furiously .
Men in blue uniforms holding little girl with bandaged face and stuffed animal
Two first responders carrying an injured girl
Two men in blue jumpsuits , one holding a bandaged girl
Two men in uniform carry a small girl and her things .
Two pilots walk along carrying a young girl with a bandaged head .
A guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool .
A man catches a football in midair while jumping into a pool .
A man in swim trunks is jumping into a pool while in a strange pose
Antics in a covered pool .
People are diving into a swimming pool .
A group of five young adults lounging indoors .
A man and a woman sit on a couch and look at each other while three other men stand by .
A small group of people standing while two sit on the couch .
There are four men and one woman .
Three men are setting up a scene by measuring the lights for a couple sitting on a low couch .
A black and green monster truck flying through the air .
A four wheeler jumping cars .
A giant monster truck leaps over crushed cars and into the air inside the arena .
A monster truck in the air above demolished cars .
A monster truck soars into the air at an arena .
a group of children playing in a sprinkler
A group of children playing in a water fountain .
Children play in a water spray .
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors .
Several girls in swimsuits are playing in a sprinkler fountain .
A person on skis on a rail at night .
A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars .
A skier slides along a metal rail .
A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object .
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail .
A basketball game
a group of athletes playing a basketball game
A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball .
Basketball players participate in a game .
Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal .
A group of girls playing field hockey .
five female hockey players are scrambling for the ball around the goal mouth .
Girls play field hockey .
The field hockey players scramble in front of the goal .
The field hockey team is trying to score a goal .
A heavy set couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet .
An elderly man and woman are sitting on lawn chairs holding onto the leash of a brown dog .
People sit in chairs at a park with a dog .
People sitting in chairs while dog lies in grass
Some people in a park with a dog and folding chairs .
A fencing class takes place on a basketball court .
A man in a black shirt stares at a swordsman
A man in a black shirt wanders around amongst fencing players .
A man is standing in a gym surrounded by men fencing .
Many people are fencing on a basketball court .
A hockey player makes a shot .
A hockey player skates forward with the puck as an opponent watches from nearby on the ice rink .
A hockey player wearing black and white slides his stick along the ice .
An ice hockey player is shooting the puck as an opposing player watches .
Two men playing hockey on the ice .
A child walks outside as leaves fall .
Children are playing with leaves in the autumn .
Children in coats playing in fall leaves .
Children tossing dead leaves on lawn .
Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them .
A boy in blue shorts with yellow stripes down the sides is leaping .
A boy jumps behind a fence .
A child jumping on the other side of a green fence .
The boy is leaping into the air .
young boy leaps from a platform at a fenced in playgroud
A kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
A man jumps off of his skateboard on the top of a cement ramp .
a skateboarder jumps .
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
The skateboarder prepares to wipeout .
Two dark haired girls are on a tire swing .
Two girls are swinging together on a tire swing .
Two girls swing on a tire swing .
Two laughing girls swing in a tire swing .
Two young girls laughing on a tire swing .
A damaged ambulance is being hauled on a truck bed down the road .
A wrecked ambulance is being towed .
Recked ambulance being towed by a large tow truck .
The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision .
Wrecked ambulance is being towed by a large truck .
a closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center .
A person sitting in an airplane display .
A woman is sitting in a white bi-plane that hangs from the roof of an air museum .
Ride with a model biplane .
The plane is hanging from the ceiling in the museum .
A man is wearing a blue shirt with the word Mambo on it .
A man is wearing a shirt that reads , " Mambo " with an image of a baby and a teddy bear .
A man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear .
A person wearing a blue mambo shirt has his back to the camera .
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs .
A cyclist is attempting to go down the steps on his bike .
A man is riding a bicycle down a staircase .
A person riding a bicycle down a red ramp .
Cyclist biking down a concrete stairway .
A girl in blue hanging on to a vine in a forest .
A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing .
A little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue checkered shorts is swinging on a rope swing outside .
A young girl in shorts is swinging on a vine .
Young girl hanging on a vine .
A child and an adult looking at each other .
A man and a young boy sitting down
A woman wearing many beaded necklaces looks at a child with just one .
A woman with man bead necklaces looks down at the girl sitting next to her .
Tribal woman and child staring at each other in the jungle .
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings .
A crowd of people stand looking at somthing in a European courtyard .
A crowd of people stands attentively in a plaza with buildings in the background .
A group of people are looking at the buildings .
Group of people standing in the town square looking up .
A man falling off his surfboard on the top of a wave .
A man is tumbling into the water having fallen off a surfboard .
A person is falling off their surfboard .
A person performing watersports gets seperated from his apparatus .
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .
a girl with a blue shirt looking scared with two other children behind her
A group of children stand outside in front of two large tires .
three children gather around a red float .
Three children stand in front of two large tires .
Three kids stand around a red apparatus on two tires .
A boy in a blue dress shirt dances in a courtyard .
A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers .
A small boy wearing a long sleeved shirt and slacks is walking outdoors .
A young boy walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy dressed in a suite concentrates on his footwork with a peace sign in the air .
One bicyclist runs alongside her bike , while another rides up behind .
One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them .
The bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him , both wearing green outfits and black helmets .
Two biker in black-green , first is pushing her bike , the second is riding hers .
Two people with bicycles , one in front running with a bike and one in back riding .
two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street .
Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast .
Two people on a motorcycle .
Two people ride together on a motorcycle
Two people riding a motorcycle .
A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest .
A rowing team races forward in competition with the motivation of their leader in front of the boat .
Boat number 5 has several men with life jackets paddling the water .
People in orange vests are rowing with great effort .
Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum
men wearing hats and coats are walking together
a group of old men walking down the street
A group of seven men walking and standing on a concrete surface .
A group of walking men .
Seven older gentlemen walking together in a group outside .
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market .
An Indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .
A woman in Mexico does needlepoint while tending a store .
A woman is shopping in an outdoor marketplace .
There is an open ' Abarrotes Mexico ' store with a man standing in front of it .
A boy carries a box across a bridge .
A boy carrying an open box crosses a bridge over a road .
A boy on the street holds a box .
A young child wearing a Pokemon shirt and holding a box outside in an urban area .
a young man wearing a red Pokemon shirt carrying a small red box
A group of people rowing in a boat near a city .
A team of rowers propel their boat forward with their paddles in the water .
Five people are paddling a kayak in the ocean with the city behind them .
people row in a crew boat .
Very blue water with skyscraper buildings on the shore and a group of people in a canoes with paddles .
A skateboarder is doing a trick at the top of a ramp while another person watches .
A skateboarder is doing a trick off of a ramp while a guy looks on .
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick .
A teenage boy does a skateboard trick on a half pipe while another boy watches from the top .
Young man doing a trick jump on a skateboard .
A man surfing a wave .
A surfer in a wetsuite jumps waves .
a surfer is riding his board over a wave .
A surfer on a white board catches a wave .
The man turns with the wave on his surfboard .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
A black and white dog jumping over a steeple vault at a competition
A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
A black dog looks into a pool of water .
A black dog sniffing the ground near a body of water .
A black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground .
The dog is looking at the water .
This hound is searching the water for his prey .
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice , injured .
The two hockey players are down on the ice .
Two hockey players fall on the ice .
Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game .
Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice
A man in black is sitting in a restaurant .
A man sits at a table .
A man wearing a black shirt laughs while sitting at the table .
A smiling man leaning back from a table with an ashtray on top .
The man sitting at the table is posing for a picture .
A child in a blue uniform kicks a soccer ball .
A girl 's red shoe sole is shown as the soccer ball flies through the air .
A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass .
Blond girl in blue clothes playing soccer .
the girl in blue kicks the soccer ball .
a black dog is following a brown dog that is carrying a brown plate through a grassy field .
A black dog following a tan dog fetching a large shallow bowl .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee like object in its mouth
A dog runs with a large plate in its mouth .
Two dogs , one carrying a large dish in its mouth .
A cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump .
A cricket player swings his bat , but misses .
A man is standing in front of some red sticks trying to hit a ball .
A man is swinging a paddle at a unique ball game .
A player hits the ball at a cricket game .
Four children are each making a gymnastic bridge on their hands and feet .
four children are outside in a line all in a crab position .
Four children do backbends in the park .
Four girls do backbends while playing outdoors .
Four kids doing backstand in a yard covered with dry leaves .
A cyclist is riding along a white line in a busy city center .
A girl is riding a bike and everyone is rushing by her in the city .
A stop action picture of a woman on a bicycle
Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
The city at night .
A man windsurfs , putting his off hand into the water .
A person leaning over while windsurfing .
A shirtless man is leaning back while parasailing .
A windsurfer skims the water with his outstretched hand .
a young man parasailing in the ocean .
A man does a motorcycle trick on a racetrack while many people watch .
A man does a wheelie on a motorcycle while a crowd watches .
A man is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle whilst being watched by a group of people .
A motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people .
A motorcyclist is about to fall over .
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms .
A basketball player takes a shot .
A man wearing a white uniform is trying to make a shot but the two men in black are trying to block him .
Basketball players leap for the ball while the crowd watches .
Basketball player in white uniform leaping to make a shot while being blocked by player in black .
A girl dressed in purple and blue walks beside her bike at night .
A girl in vibrant colors is walking her bike in a dark area .
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns .
A woman walks a bicycle between some columns .
A woman with a purple top and blue pants walks her bike in the shadows .
A black and white dog jumps in a pool filled with tennis balls .
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A black and white dog swims and plays with tennis balls in the pool .
A black and white dog swims for tennis balls .
There is a black and white dog in a sparking blue pool .
A girl in a pink striped shirt is in front of an armoire .
A girl in a pink striped shirt poses for the camera .
A girl wearing a pink striped shirt throws her arms into the air .
A young girl wearing a pink and orange stripped shirt extends her arms forward and appears to be happy .
The girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched .
Dogs racing around a track
Dogs racing in a professional dog race
Dogs racing on a track
Five dogs are on a track racing each other .
Six dogs are competing in a race .
a cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
Cheerleaders are performing in a gym
The two men throw the cheerleader in the air .
Two male cheerleaders are catching a girl cheerleader in the air .
Two men throw a cheerleader into the air and then catch her .
A dog runs through a field .
A light colored dog leaps in a field .
A white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs through a field .
Small dog running in the field .
A black and brown dog is walking in the water and looking at the camera .
A black dog with brown on his face is swimming .
a brown and black dog swimming in a river
A large dog looks up as he swims .
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach .
A man and 4 dogs playing on the beach .
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach .
Man watching four dogs play on the beach
Two football players are preparing for the next play .
Two football players in hike formation .
Two football players preparing to hike a football .
Two people wearing blue , red , and white football uniforms crouched over as though in play .
Two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field .
men in drak outfits around a campfire
The men are sitting around a fire .
Three men are sitting around a bonfire at night with a table of drinks beside them .
Three men sitting around a fire in front of a cabin .
Three older men are sitting around a campfire at night .
A snowboarder is in the air after making a jump near some trees .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snow slope .
A snowboarder makes a jump against a wooded background .
A snowboarder performs a jump in the snow .
Snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow .
A boy in a helmet jumps from a makeshift jungle-gym made of tires .
A boy jumping off of old tires
A child in a brown outfit jumping from some painted tires in front of trees at dusk .
A child with a helmet jumps over a pile of old tires .
A little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods .
A person rides the waves on a surfboard .
A person surfing .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer riding a large wave
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas .
A boy on a bicycle rides with his little brother in a child 's seat , which is tipping .
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
Two boys with backpacks ride bikes through a puddle on the road .
Two people riding a bike are riding towards a stop sign .
two young children riding on a bike down a dirt road through a puddle .
A player from the white and green highschool team dribbles down court defended by a player from the other team .
Four basketball players in action .
Four men playing basketball , two from each team .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
Young men playing basketball in a competition .
Two children are diving side by side into a river .
Two children jumping into a body of water .
Two people dive headfirst into the water .
Two people diving into a body of water .
Two young boys diving headfirst into water with small waves on it .
A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat .
A woman is wearing a velvet burgundy hat with a large peach feather .
A woman with a feather on her hat .
a young woman wearing a purple hat with a pink feather in it
The woman is wearing a red hat that is decorated with a huge orange feather .
A man and a woman are kissing in a crowded street .
A man and woman kiss in the street .
Couple kissing in the middle of a street .
Man and woman kissing on a public street .
Two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background .
A black man sitting next to a tree in a rural area .
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
A man in a red shirt sitting on a plastic stool in a shaded sandy area .
A man sits on a blue bench and leans against a wood pole .
A man sitting and leaning against a pole holding a small animal .
A group of children in uniforms stand outside .
A yellow dog stands in a road surrounded by children in blue shirts .
Children in uniforms stand in the road with a dog .
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road .
Several young girls stand in a rural road .
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
A man wearing a blue shirt and glasses .
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking .
A man with glasses and a mustache is in the middle of a sentence .
An older man with glasses is looking off camera .
A man performs a trick on a surfboard in the water .
A surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard
a surfer on a white surfboard wearing a yellow shirt with one arm in the air .
a surfer rides the wave .
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a white surfboard .
a man wears a red bandanna
A man with a head covering .
An man wearing an Arab scarf , with another man in the background .
A white man in a turban .
Man with facial hair wearing red and white Palestinian style headscarf .
A crowd is standing around a building with three flags in front of it .
A group of people are in front of a building with flags .
Groups of people relax outside a building .
People are standing by the flag poles outside a glass building .
Shows a crowd of people in front of a glass building with three country flags flying high .
A dog digging in the sand .
A dog is digging a hole in the sand .
A dog 's paws and face are covered in sand .
A dog with its tongue out sits over a hole in the sand .
The German Shepherd is digging a large hole in the sand .
A boy kicks through a pile of leaves .
A boy with blue shirt kicking off dead leaves from a pile of leaves .
A kid in a blue top leaps into a raked pile of leaves in front of trees .
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
A young boy standing with a raised leg in a large pile of leaves .
A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp .
A person in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard on a half-pipe .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Person in plaid shirt make a jump on a skateboard on a ramp .
The boy safely skates up the ramp before descending again .
Two black , brown and white dogs run along the countryside with white sheep in the background .
Two black dogs run in a grass field with two white sheep in the background .
two dogs are walking through a sheep field .
Two dogs run in a field herding sheep .
Two dogs running across a green field with two white animals in the background .
A black and tan dog jumping in the air in a grassy area in front of a fence .
A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass .
Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth .
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard .
The dog by the fence is running on the grass .
A girl is standing on logs and taking a picture .
A girl stands on two logs as she photographs the field .
A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river .
A young woman stands on a tree branch over a river taking a picture of buffalo .
Woman stands on fallen trees near winding river taking photographs of animals .
A bicycle racer runs up a ramp with his bike .
A biker is running with his bike in his hands up a ramp .
A man carrying a bicycle .
a man runs with his bike .
Man sits on bike in air .
an african man in blue jeans is holding the hands of two boys that are eating ice creams .
Man holds the hand of two children .
The man is holding the hands of two boys .
Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult .
Two young boys hold a man 's hands .
A man grips the underhang of a rock .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock .
A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike .
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot .
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle .
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle .
There are two small girls smiling in a hallway
Two little girls in a hallway , a woman standing in the background .
Two sisters race through the hallways in the house .
Two small girls running down a hallway .
Two young girls at play in a home .
A young boy and girl are playing in a tunnel .
Small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube .
Two children sit inside a blue and yellow tunnel .
two girls play in a tunnel .
Two little kids playing in a colapsable fabric tunnel .
A little girl hugs another little girl .
A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us .
Two toddlers posing for the camera .
Two young children holding each other and posing .
Two young girls hug .
A woman in a red sweater and a girl is in front of a girl in a green hoodie & a girl with a brown jacket and pink purse .
A woman in a red sweater walks by two younger women talking near a busy street .
A woman in a red sweater walks past two younger women who are chatting .
Three asian women , two young , one old , on an urban sidewalk .
two Asian women are talking behind an older woman who is wearing a red sweater .
A man in a red jacket is holding a piece of paper while posing .
An Asian guy giving thumbs up with his eyes closed and tongue out .
An Asian teenager in a red jacket has his thumb up and his tongue sticking out .
Asian man giving thumbs up on street .
Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other .
A boy is whispering to a girl wearing a red and white hat and scarf .
One person is whispering to another .
The boy is whispering in the girls ear .
The child in the red and white hat is listening to the child with the brown hair and green jacket .
Two children standing very close .
Two Japanese girls are wearing traditional dress .
Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them .
Two women dressed as geishas .
Two women dressed in brightly colored traditional asian clothes stand at the top of steps .
Two women in elaborate Japanese costumes .
A child covers their mouth as they whisper to a friend .
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .
Three children , dressed in heavy coats , gloves , and knit caps , cover their mouths .
Two children stand and whisper to each other as another looks on .
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
a bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp .
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course .
A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle .
A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp .
A man is on top of a cliff overlooking a forest and lake .
A man on a cliff .
A man stands on a mountain overlooking trees and a lake .
A man stands on a mountaintop looking over dry forests and lakes .
The man has a blue shirt on and is standing in front of some snowy mountains .
A brown dog is on the ground growling .
A dog grinning at the camera .
A dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth .
A dog shows his teeth while playing with another dog .
There are two golden retrievers in this picture , but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling .
a brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball .
A brown and white dog on a road with its mouth open near a tennis ball
A small dog catches a green tennis ball in its mouth .
A yellow and white dog is catching a tennis ball on a street .
Gold and white dog catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
A man in a white shirt and tie sings into a microphone while a woman wearing a white shirt and tie plays the guitar at a concert .
A singer and guitarist performing .
A singer in a white button-down shirt is performing while a girl plays the guitar in the back .
a singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background .
The man with short hair has a microphone in his hand and the other man is playing guitar .
A boy is pushing a sledge through the snow at night .
A boy with a red hat pushing a snowploe through the snow
A small child wearing a red winter cap and a blue and black snowsuit pushing a plow through snow .
A young child plows snow manually .
Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .
A tan dog is running on pavement with a white dog running on grass beside it .
Two dogs , one white and one brown , run alongside each other near a grassy field .
Two dogs run down the road .
two tan dogs running along a concrete path together .
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
Motorcyclists near the beach .
There are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it .
Two guys with helmets are on motorcycles , each with a woman riding behind him
Two motorcycles and four riders are on the road .
Two motorcycles with two riders each .
A dog plays on the beach .
A white dog is running around a tumbleweed on a sand dune .
A white dog walks across the sandy ground with a tumbleweed .
A white poodle circles a sparkler embedded in sand .
poodle playing on a beach
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink .
A woman holds a drink while a man and a woman examine a book .
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book .
Three people are gathered for a picture .
Two women and a man are looking at a book .
A bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup .
A man and a woman are standing next to each other and the woman has a drink in her hand .
A man and woman against a pink background smile .
A man stands beside a woman holding a red cup with a straw .
A woman and man are posing for a picture against a pink wall .
A brunette and blonde girl are smiling .
The two women are smiling at the camera .
Two brunettes with brown eyes are looking into the camera .
Two girls looking into camera and smiling
Two women with long hair posing for a picture
A man and a woman looking at the camera .
a man and a woman posing for a picture .
A man and a woman smile for the camera .
A man puts his arm around a girl holding a blue cup .
A woman holding a blue cup and a man with facial hair pose close to one another .
Five people are sitting in a bar , while a tv plays nearby .
Older men at bar drinking alcohol
Three men drink at a reflective bar .
Three men stand at a bar with drinks .
Three men stand in a bar with a purple counter .
A man at a casino hugging two colorfully dressed show girls .
A man in a white suit is standing with two women .
A man stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes .
A white suited man stands between two showgirls in a casino foyer .
Two women in very colorful costumes stand next to a man dressed in all white .
A climber hangs from a rock face while another watches .
a free climber is hanging from a rock whilst being watched by a man in a green t-shirt .
A man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing .
A young man climbs the bottom surface of a rock .
The man wearing a brown shirt clings to a rock .
a lone surfer diving into a large wave
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on blue water .
A man on surfboard dives over a large wave .
A surfer in a full body wetsuit in the ocean with a white surfboard .
A surfer in a wetsuit crests a wave .
A man in a red helmet holds a bullhorn .
A man next to a woman holding a megaphone .
A person holds a blow horn while wearing a helmet .
Two men are wearing helmets , while one of them holds a bullhorn .
Two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces , one with a blow horn
a dog stands in the white snow .
a tan dog walking around in the snow
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow .
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .
The white dog trotted in the snow .
A bird eating .
A small , pale bird bends down to examine a crumb .
A small white bird looks at a small object .
A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
The bird leans over to a small piece of food .
A group of women are performing onstage .
People in a dance
Some women in white perform on a stage .
Women participate in a skit onstage .
Women who look alike are performing on a stage .
A man in a blue shirt passes under the Samsung arch .
A man in a blue shirt runs under a blue road marker in a race .
A runner in a blue shirt and blue shorts participates in a race .
A runner jogging on a city street past a SAMSUNG advertisement banner .
Man running down a street in a marathon .
A surfer does a flip on a wave .
A surfer is 90 degrees to the water
A surfer is flipping up in the air on a surfboard .
a surfer jumps out of the water .
The surfer does a flip off of a wave .
a lone surfboarder jumping a wave on a white surfboard .
A man flies into the air with his surfboard .
A person in a wetsuit is in midair while surfing .
A surfer is in the air above the ocean .
A surfer performs a trick .
A blond hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .
A boy standing in front of a multi-colored statue .
A child admires an exhibit or store window .
A child near a blue stage with a colorful creature on it .
Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane .
The dogs are running in the water .
Three dogs are running through the water .
Three dogs running in the water .
Three dogs run through shallow water .
Three dogs , two brown and one black , run in the surf .
A big brown dog plays with a small white dog near a ball .
A brown dog is jumping on top of a smaller white dog and there is a colorful ball on the floor .
A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet .
The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog .
two dogs play together .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
Three children 's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string .
Three kids play with silly string .
Three people standing near a door , with silly string cans .
You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere
A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water .
A girl swims in the blue-green waters .
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters .
The girl is swimming in sparkling greenish blue water .
The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean .
A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow .
a small dog jumping along the sand
A small white dog runs across the sand .
Brown and white dog runs towards camera , casting long shadow on dirt .
Dog running across sand .
many people look over the side of a bridge .
Many people standing on a bridge over murky water .
Many people stand on an overpass looking over .
People are watching as a blue car is hanging over a bridge that crosses a river .
Several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water .
A man in blue shorts stands on a surfboard in shallow water .
A man on a beach , with his foot on a boogie board .
A man standing on the shore .
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach .
A young man with a Mohawk style haircut and surfer shorts stands on a boogie board at the beach .
a group of Indian people talking to each other
an indian man in a white costume is talking to three women in colorful saris .
A scene at an Indian wedding .
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other .
The indian couple mingle at the party .
A group of people at a distance on a beach .
A man , woman , and two girls walk on the beach barefoot .
Four people are walking on a beach .
People walking in the water along the beach .
This family is walking on the beach .
Athletes on numbered horses congregate in a field .
Horses being ridden over green grass and jumping an obstacle .
Horses jumping a hurdle in a race .
Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field .
Seven jockeys riding horses in a race .
A man in dark shorts is windsurfing on a clear day .
A man is riding a red windsurfer .
A man wakeboards in the water .
a windsurfer is making a big splash in the ocean whilst riding a red windsurf .
A windsurfer kicks up spray .
A crowd of people , some of which are wearing surgical masks .
A group of people are looking angry and several have on face masks .
A group of people gather and some are wearing white masks over their mouths .
Five people staring in the same direction , two of whom are wearing face masks .
People wearing black , some with face masks , are singing .
A couple in old clothing at an outdoor table .
A couple in old fashioned clothes sitting at a table outside
A man and a woman sit by a small table in colonial clothing .
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table .
A camera man is behind his video camera and surrounded by a hudge crowd .
A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium .
A man is videotaping something .
Camera man in populated building taping an event .
The man in the black shirt is pointing his camera at the arena .
A black dog is shaking off water .
A black dog shaking off water
A dog is shaking the water from its fur creating a spray and mist .
A wet black dog shakes itself off .
A wet dog is shaking off water .
A man and a woman in extravagent winter costumes .
Man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road .
Thw people are dressed up in large festive outfits on the street .
Two people wearing elaborate attire in a street .
Two people wearing period , winter clothing .
A girl jumping over a red punch bag .
A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field .
A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field .
Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field .
The long haired child in the pink sweater is jumping up at a punch bag .
a dog runs across the leaf covered ground .
A dog with a collar and tag runs with its tongue out on a path .
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves .
A yellow lab trotting through grass and fallen leaves .
The tan dog runs through the leaves .
a mountain biker is riding on a marked out competition trail in the woods .
A person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path .
A woman rides a bike on a dirt path .
Bicyclist riding on a dirt race course .
Mountain bike riders on a dirt trail .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow .
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow .
An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow .
Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow .
The dog retrieves the Frisbee is the snow .
A crowd of people .
A crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium .
A large crowd of people are waiting in a line in the dark .
A large crowd of people wait in line to get into a football game .
Large group of people lining up for an event , outdoors at night .
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer .
A man dresses as a prisoner and a woman dressed as a cop on a sidewalk .
An attractive police lady and a jailbird pose for a photo .
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer .
There is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner , standing outdoors .
A lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street .
A lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk .
A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Chrismas lights .
a woman photographed from behind as she 's walking down a sidewalk
Person walking down the street in the city .
a man photographs a woman .
A photographer is takeing a picture of a bird mobile .
A woman holds something for a professional photograph while the photographer takes the shot .
One person is assisting another inside a photo session involving wind chimes .
Two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room .
A brown dog is biting a green object .
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in its mouth .
A dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something .
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .
A short-haired brown dog is snapping at a long green strip .
A man in a white shirt and a man in a black shirt in a hallway .
A man in black and one in white posing indoors .
Two guys act silly and pose for a photo .
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture .
Two smiling young men look at the camera .
A man in a black jacket walks thorugh an Asian market .
A man walking down a street with Asian shops .
A man walking on the sidewalk past storefronts .
A man walks in a street
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign .
A child ballerina puts on make-up backstage in a mirror .
A little girl wearing a blue dress stands in front of the mirror to do her makeup .
A young girl in a blue dress applies makeup in a mirror .
The little girl with the tiara is putting on eyeshadow in front of a mirror .
Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror .
A dog runs holding a yellow dog toy in fall , bench in the background .
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth .
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
The tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth .
A man in a bright pink shirt shakes the hand of a bearded man in a saffron shirt .
A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange .
Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats .
Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts .
Two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera , while a third man stands behind them .
African kids stare throughwindow
Children are staring out the window of a blue building with red shutters .
Four children in colorful Indian clothes are looking through red shutters on a blue building .
Four children looking out a window .
Several children are standing in a house looking out the window .
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people .
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
Closeup of a man at an event with formal attire .
The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence .
Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake .
Two men in two canoes are sitting in a lake .
Two men on canoes on a lake .
Two men rowing in canoes .
two people in canoes ride through the water .
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor .
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor .
A large group of people line dancing in a dim room .
Several women dancing .
Two women among a group of people in a bow-like stance .
A man and two youngsters are standing in front of a Japanese vending machine .
Family purchasing standing at a vending machine .
Three people stand and face video machines .
Three people stand near a couple of machines , one labeled Sharp .
Two kids and a man play games at an arcade .
A group of Indian men are just standing around with their arms crossed .
A group of men stand outside .
Four men from another country look at the camera .
Men wearing hats stand with arms folded .
Several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market .
A woman and child hug near a road .
Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach .
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods .
Two young women are embracing at the side of a road and looking at an mp3 player .
Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach .
A surfer in a black surfing suit in motion .
Guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing
It looks like the surfer is riding a big wave .
One man in a wetsuit surfing a wave .
Surfer in wetsuit riding before a wave
The sheepdogs are running in the pasture .
Two dogs are running on some grass .
Two dogs are running together outside .
Two dogs with multiple colors are running through the grass .
Two speckled dogs running on a grassy field .
A bride folds her arms at a beach .
A girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara .
A pretty girl wearing a white dress , a dimond necklace , and a crown , posing in front of the beach .
A woman in white , wearing a tiara , the beach in the background .
a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach
A boat floating on blue water .
A boat floats near someone swimming in clear , blue water .
A person is swimming in crystal clear ocean water while his or her boat is anchored in the background .
A person swims in a shallow turquoise sea toward an empty tethered rowboat .
Someone is swimming in the ocean near an unmanned rowboat .
A man rides a wave on a surfboard .
A man wearing a black wetsuit is surfing in the water .
A person on a surfboard riding a wave
A person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard .
A surfer on a red surfboard jumps over a high wave in the ocean .
A race car is spinning out in front of spectators .
a racer skids out .
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd .
Green and black car goes into wall at race .
Smoke comes from car in professional race
A man dressed as Santa rides in a parade .
A man dressed like Santa is riding in a carriage during a parade .
Santa Clause with his white beard and red suit is riding in the carriage .
Santa Claus leads some type of parade on an odd looking vehicle .
Santa is pulled in a carriage in a parade .
People are standing on an escalator moving up .
people go up the escalator .
People ride up an escalator .
People travel up the elevator together .
Several people ride up an escalator .
A boy wears a foam hat to show support for his team at a game .
A child is wearing a red hat shaped like a hand .
A child wears three " rock out hands " held together by sunglasses on his head .
A man in a statefarm.com hat and sunglasses .
A person wearing a red hat shaped like hands sits in a crowd .
A man dressed in grey climbing a large brown rock .
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .
A man in shorts climbs a rock face .
Man climbing a rock wall .
The back of a man climbing a rock .
A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .
A skateboarder makes a high jump .
A skateboarder soars above a ramp .
Man in midair on skateboard
Skateboarder in midair at a park .
a group of people are congregated in a room by a big round mirror .
A group of people enter a fancy golden living room .
A group of people mills about in a room with crystal chandelier , a brown leather couch and a large round mirror .
A group of people stand in a fancily decorated room .
The people are gathered in a room with a sofa , round mirror , and chandelier .
Two dogs are racing on a ractrack .
two dogs race across the track .
Two greyhounds race
Two greyhounds with muzzles race along the inside curb of a railed dirt track .
Two racing dogs run around a track .
The two church officials wear black robes and purple hats .
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building .
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church .
Two priests stand on some stairs in front of a building .
Two religious men glancing off to their right while standing in front of a church .
A bald man has hand on the shoulder of another man .
a man puts his arm around another man as they pose for a picture
Two men touch their heads together and smile .
Two men wearing black
Two smiling men with their heads touching
A person doing a trick on a snowboard .
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .
A snowboarder is sliding down a cement wall at night .
A snowboarder rides a rail on the cement handrail of steps with snow all around .
In the snow a person on a board traverses down a concrete wall beside bleachers .
two guys dressed in tuxes with red ties
Two men dressed for a wedding laugh at the camera , with beverages in hand .
Two men dressed up share a toast .
Two men in matching suits are smiling and drinking .
Two men in suits laugh and hold drinks .
A bride and groom pose with their wedding party .
A bride and two bridesmaids stand beside a groom and four groomsmen .
An entire wedding party is posing for pictures .
A wedding party poses for a picture .
Men in suits are lined up next to a bride and her red-dressed bridesmaids .
A bride and groom leaving after the wedding .
A bride and groom walk together in a dark room .
A man and bride walk down the aisle
A man wearing a tuxedo and a woman in a white dress .
The man is walking the bride down the aisle .
A group of people at a protest to stop the building of the Kingsworth coal power plant .
A march to protest the construction of a coal power plant .
Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants .
People are protesting against coal .
Protesters with " NO NEW COAL " signs in urban area .
A skateboarder is jumping almost as high as a building .
A snowboarder jumping off a tall brick building .
a snowboarder jumps over a pile of snow .
Snowboarder jumps off rail over snowpile .
The snowboarder is doing a stunt high in the air at night .
A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing .
A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain .
A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand .
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on
There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain .
A few people are playing instruments around a table .
A group of people are playing instruments while sitting at a table .
Five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments .
Musicians playing their instruments at a table .
Musicians sitting at a table inside , playing classical instruments .
A group of people sit at a table in front of a large building .
People are drinking and walking in front of a brick building .
People are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
Two people are seated at a table with drinks
Two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building .
A man is waiting in a public area while people pass behind him .
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace .
An old man in a long black coat stands on the street .
A white haired man in a black coat is standing on a city street .
A woman is waiting alone outside while a bird walks behind her .
A crowd of people wearing jackets and holding signs .
A group of protesters picket in the road .
A large " green " peaceful protest is taken to the streets .
A protest march is passing by a white stone building .
Group of people walking with posters .
A BMW rider takes a large jump off a wall .
A guy is doing a bike trick in a park .
A man doing tricks on a bicycle .
A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike .
A person on a bmx bike .
A lady in a pink shirt , green veil and straw hat rowing a boat with packages in it .
A lady rows a canoe filled with things .
A man piloting a boat with goods in the back .
An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies .
Person in pointed hat and face covered with green scarf poling boatload of stuff through water
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee .
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot .
A large black dog in the dirt with a small brown dog .
A large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball .
Two dogs are chasing a ball .
A group of people sitting on benches at a city park .
A man drinking a beverage and holding a plastic bag far away from the other people .
A man drinking a soda is standing in front of a bench near a group of people sitting
A man in black clothes and a blue hat is taking a drink and holding a shopping bag .
A man is standing next to a bench drinking a soda while other people sit on a bench nearby .
A man is throwing another around in a wrestling ring .
A wrestler is being held in the air by another man in the ring .
A wrestler is being lifted off the ground by another wrestler .
Professional wrestler getting flipped by another .
Two people are in a wrestling match .
A boy hugging a bumble bee character
A child hugging a person in a large bee costume .
A giant bee costume hugs a boy .
A little boy hugging a giant bee mascot .
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume , blurry urban background .
A group of men lift their arms to signal while they look to the left .
A group of young men watching something .
Four young men wearing red ribbons on their wrists are making gestures
Men with orange wristbands perform a dance .
Several men in front of a white building .
A girl in a white shirt and jeans is jumping up in the air while at the top of the Grand Canyon .
A girl leaps on a mountaintop .
A girl making a face jumps in front of a scenic view of mountains and water .
A woman wearing a white shirt jumps in the air and sticks out her tongue .
Girl jumping into the air on top of a rock in front of a canyon .
A man in a blue jacket and gloves is standing in the street among other people .
A man in a brightly-colored ski jacket stands with others on a European street .
A man in a colorful jacket walks down the street surrounded by women in winter clothing .
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
The man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an English pub .
A dog carries an orange toy in its mouth .
A dog running with his tongue out .
A dog runs through the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A white dog with brown ears runs on the green grass with an orange dog toy .
White dog with orange collar walks in the field .
a couple sitting on the concrete outside a set of big brown wooden doors .
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain .
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain .
Two young adults holding each other in front of a door .
Young , hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors .
A child holding onto the tail of a fake alligator .
A little boy sits on the tail of a fake alligator .
A little child is holding a tail that belongs to a very large crocodile .
A small child pulls on the tail of a large alligator .
a young girl pulling the tail of an alligator staue
A bunch of people near a christmas type tree .
A couple hurrying past an urban ice skating park .
Many people are outside watching ice skaters .
People are skating in a outdoor rink around a huge Christmas tree .
People walking by an outdoor ice rink with a tree in the center .
Dirt bikers on a trail .
Four dirt bike riders are riding on a dirt road .
The two cyclists are facing the long riding path .
Two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack .
Two people on motorbikes .
Two children playing in the snow .
Two children , warmly dressed , are playing in the snow .
Two kids playing in the snow in a rural area .
Two young children enjoy the snow .
Two young children play in the snow .
Tourists pose for camera at night .
Two men dressed jackets and hats are standing on a terrace
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera .
Two men standing outside wearing jackets and caps .
Two men stand outdoors in the city night .
a woman in black walks down the sidewalk .
A woman walks on a city street .
A woman wearing a cap on a wintry street .
A woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees .
The woman is wearing a brown hat and black coat , and is on a sidewalk .
A girl in white is rock climbing .
A woman in a white shirt and black cropped pants climbs a rock wall .
A young girl climbing a rock wall .
Fit brunette enjoys some time rock climbing .
The girl is climbing an artificial climbing wall .
A group of santas are walking in the city .
A man walks down a busy city street with men dressed in Santa Claus costumes .
A parade of people is marching in Santa costumes on a city street .
Men dressed as Santa clause walking down the street .
Men in Santa outfits walking down busy street .
Four bald people are praying or meditating .
Four people with shaved heads and white robes pose their hands in prayer .
Four people with shaved heads and white robes praying .
Religious people wearing white with bald heads hold their hands in a praying position .
Two bald men and two bald women dressed in all white standing in a prayer pose .
A man sits on a bench on a San Diego street .
A man wearing a coat and had sitting on a bench in the city .
A man wearing an orange cap sits on a white bench beside a blue trashcan .
Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO , neat blue trashcan .
Man sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
A man in a mask and wearing a Santa Claus suit .
A man in a Santa suit wearing a red and neon yellow mask and horns .
A man on a city street in a Santa suit and wrestilng mask .
A man wearing a Santa suit and wrestler 's mask poses dramatically .
Guy in Santa suit wearing ninja mask and horns
A man takes a picture out a window .
A shirtless man looks out a window .
Half naked man leaning out of window taking pictures .
The man is going to take a picture from the open window .
The man is with a camera looking out of an open window
A girl in a dress is jumping in the air with legs bent while another girl in pink watches .
a girl jumps into the air while another girl watches .
A young girl is jumping on carpet while another girl standing in front of her looks to the left .
The two little girls jump on the bed .
Two little girls jump above the floor .
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background .
a bmx rider gets a lot of air .
A male airborne on a bicycle .
The man is performing a trick with a bicycle high in the air .
The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle .
A man with mud on his clothes protects a ball from two other men while he runs down the field .
Dirty rugby players try to hold back the man with the ball .
Group of dirty men play football .
Three men are playing rugby one of them is carring the ball they are covered in mud .
Two muddy men try to tackle third muddy rugby player .
A blond child is jumping facefirst onto a bed .
a little boy jumps onto a bed .
Boy in black shirt jumps onto bed from dresser .
Boy is bouncing over the bed wearing a black t-shirt .
Little blonde boy is falling onto a bed .
A girl in a yellow shirt walks with her hands in her pocket on a bridge .
A woman in a yellow shirt walks down a sunny street .
A woman in a yellow t-shirt and sunglasses walks down a sidewalk .
A woman outside on a street wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses .
a young blond woman wearing a yellow shirt walking down a sidewalk .
A dark brown dog runs behind a yellow dog in the grass .
one tan dog running on the grass with a brown dog running close behind
The two dogs , one dark and one light colored , are running outdoors .
Two brown dogs are running through a grassy area .
Two dogs run over the grass .
A little dark haired girl runs on the beach .
A little girl barefoot , wearing a white shirt and brown skirt runs along the sandy shoreline .
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
A young child is running along a beach .
A young girl running on the beach .
A dog jumping at the beach .
A furry white dog playing in the sand .
A muddy dog runs next to water .
A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water
Dog on a rock next to water .
A flock of birds disturbed and in flight in front of a wall that has a mural of three women and a man .
A flock of birds flying past a chinese mural on a building .
A flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural .
A group of birds fly up from the street against a painted wall .
Flock of pigeons flying in front of building with a mural painted on it .
A crowd of children and some are wearing green costumes .
A crowd of children point towards an object to the right of the frame .
A group of children pointing at something unseen .
A group of multi-cultural kids are excited by what they are watching .
an audience of children are smiling and pointing
A boy in a brown jacket and a girl in a red jacket are sitting on some metal bars with a metal object between them .
A man and woman assemble a metal structure .
A man and woman sit and work on a metal beam .
Boy and girl building metal structure .
two people build together .
A bunch of people at a train station .
A photo of a train platform on a chilly day .
A train station says " tychy miasto "
People are boarding two yellow and blue trains .
Several people waiting outside a train station .
Two girls take in the view .
Two woman stand on a building ledge and look down on a city .
Two women are standing next to a railing overlooking a city .
Two women look out at many houses below .
Two young girls look out to a town below them .
A couple posing for the camera with rain jackets on .
A couple stands covered in plastic ; she smiles and he scowls .
A lady and a man wear rain ponchos .
A man and a woman in plastic coverings .
The man and woman are wearing a protective plastic raincoat .
A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt .
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person .
A young boy , a young girl , an older woman and a man gather for a meal
People are sitting at a green table set with placemats and green glasses .
Various members of a family are gathering around a decorated dining table .
A group of children are raising their hands in the air .
A group of kids singing and putting their hands in the air
Little kids stand together and raise their hands in the air .
Little kids with their hands in the air
Some children are raising their hands and clapping .
A man and woman , both wearing white , are on rocks .
A man and woman wearing white shirts and jeans resting on a rocky surface .
A man in a white tank top , blue jeans and glasses sitting on a rock with a woman in a white tank top , blue jeans and glasses standing over him .
A woman in sunglasses standing beside a man in sunglasses sitting on a rock .
A woman standing next to a man who is sitting on a rock .
a couple each wearing white tanktops sitting on a rock ledge of looking several mountains
A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain .
A man and a woman sit on rocks .
A man and woman sit on the rocky overlook .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses sitting on a rock .
A man in a white coat jumps a snowboard .
A person on a green board is snowboarding in midair .
a snowboarder
Someone on a Nitro snowboard in midair and another person on the ground behind them .
Two snowboarders in a snowy scene .
A couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles .
A couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman .
A man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them .
A man and woman hug on a couch while another woman smiles .
A man and woman pose on a couch .
A brown dog drinks from a body of water .
A brown dog is starting to walk into water .
A brown dog steps into murky water .
A dog getting into some water .
A dog putting his legs into a pond
An elderly gentleman very smartly dressed .
An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture .
An old man stands in front of a doorway .
Older gentleman in a red coat and black and white polka dot scarf .
Old man with a black coat and hat .
A man and two girls look at something in the woods .
A man and two young girls in a forest .
A man and young girl stand together looking at something with a small child nearby .
A man stands with two children in a wooded area looking at something in the distance .
The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path .
During a game of rugby , a man tackles another .
Men play football .
The guys are playing a sport .
The man with the soccor ball is being hit by another man .
Three men play ball in a field .
a girl in colorful leggings and a white shirt sits next to similarly dressed girl in a small cubicle .
Two girls crouch in a small stall .
Two women in a bathroom stall .
Two young woman dressed in white shirts sit in a small space .
Two young women sitting against a concrete wall .
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass .
Two dogs are running in a field .
Two dogs run around together in the field .
Two dogs running through high grass .
Two large dogs frolic in a grassy field .
A man and a woman stare at the ground .
A man is helping someone put on a fancy robe .
A man wearing a dark suit looks down as another person dressed in black and white does the same .
The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man .
Two men talk and laugh .
A dog is running on snow with a snowball it its mouth .
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in its mouth .
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth .
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth .
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth .
A man helps another man tie a red ribbon onto his arm .
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man 's right arm during a street parade .
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street .
One man helps another attach a red ribbon to his forearm in the midst of a large group of people .
Two men stand together ; one is putting something red on his arm .
A man in red shorts runs on a track .
A man running on a track .
a man running track
A man runs on a track outside .
A runner on a track .
A brown dog shakes while standing in the water near a yellow ball .
A brown , wet dog shaking off the water .
A dog on the beach shaking off water
A dog shaking water off
The brown dog stands in the water and shakes off .
A man and a woman in festive costumes dancing .
A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance .
A man and a woman wearing decorative costumes and dancing in a crowd of onlookers .
one performer wearing a feathered headdress dancing with another performer in the streets
Two people are dancing with drums on the right and a crowd behind them .
An ATV rides over a vaste sandy landscape .
A person on a large wheeled vehicle drives through an orange desert landscape .
A person on an ATV in dunes with a purple sky .
A person rides an ATV through the desert .
Distant person riding off-road vehicle across sand dunes marked with treads .
A blue uniformed rollerskater is struggling for the lead against a long-haired , tattooed and red uniformed rollerskater .
Two girls are battling it out in a roller derby race with other competitors and the referee behind them .
Two women in a roller derby bash into each other .
Two women on rollerskates are grappling .
Two women pushing each other during a rollerskating competition .
A group of girls in dresses dancing .
Four women dressed in long colorful skirts and winter clothes are dancing on the street .
The people are dressed in heavy layered clothing , and are motioning together .
Women in colorful costumes dance in the street in front of a McDonalds .
Women in long skirts and jackets dancing in the back of a McDonald 's .
A man looks out of the passenger window of a yellow car to see the tire smoking .
A yellow car , a man in it looking to the back where steam is coming out .
A yellow car is creating smoke by spinning its tires .
A yellow car spins its rear wheel while a man in the backseat watches .
A yellow muscle car is burning rubber while a man in the car with blonde hair looks at the tire .
A black and white dog holds a stick in his paw for chewing or playing .
A black and white dog laying down with a big stick under its paw .
a black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws .
There is a black and white dog chewing on a branch outside .
A black and white and a brown and white dog running in a grassy field in front of a stand of trees .
Two dogs are running in a grassy field .
Two dogs are running through a field of grass .
Two dogs are running through a grassy area .
Two dogs running through a grassy field .
A man blows into an electrical instrument by a microphone .
A man blows into a tube while standing in front of a man at the drumset onstage .
A man plays an instrument next to a drummer .
a musician plays a strange pipe instrument whilst standing next to a drummer on a stage .
Two men perform a song together onstage .
A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail .
A pack of Huskies run across the snowy ground .
A sled and dogs mushing
The dogs run in the snow pulling a sled with a person .
The dog team is pulling the man on the sled .
Two female friends pose for a picture at night .
Two girls smile for the camera .
Two smiling women pose for a picture .
Two women sit very close and pose for their picture to be taken .
Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area .
A woman stands in front of a display case and another woman looks at a digital camera
A woman stands tall in front of a glass display while another woman takes a picture of something .
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture .
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera .
One woman is taking a picture and another woman is standing sideways with her arm out .
a girl in a red shirt looks at her mom in a crowd of people sitting in white plastic chairs
A group of people are facing away from the camera .
A group of people with their backs to the camera and a little girl facing a lady .
A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd .
A young girl wearing red faces the opposite direction from the rest of a seated audience .
A skateboarder casts a shadow jumping down stairs .
A skateboarder flies off the stairs .
a skateboarder jumps a staircase .
A skateboarder performing a kickflip over short stairs .
Skateboarder jumping down a short flight of stairs in a dimly lit warehouse .
Airborne skateboarder in front of a crowd ,
A skateboarder in the air .
A skateboarder jumps while spectators watch .
a skateboarder ollies .
People watching a skateboarding competition , while a person skateboards .
A woman walks as she looks at her cellphone and others look on .
Several ladies talking together .
Three girls walking , one is checking her cellphone
Three girls walk together and talk .
Three high school girls walk and talk on AstroTurf .
a man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
A surfer flies over a crashing wave .
A surfer is falling into a big ocean wave
Surfer in black wetsuit falling off his board into the water .
The surfer is wiped out by the wave .
A girl holds a blue balloon as she walks .
A girl in red shirt holds a green balloon in a crowd .
a Japanese girl carries a green balloon .
An Asian boy in a red shirt holds onto an aqua balloon .
The girl is holding a blue balloon on a busy street .
A black haired woman in a parka is looking at burning incense sticks .
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam .
A woman stands and watches incense burn with the smoke billowing .
A woman stands over a copper bowl holding many burning incense .
The woman is looking at a smoky exhibit .
A dog and two people .
A dog looks on as a woman eats .
A dog sits between a man and a woman while they are eating .
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .
A woman eats while a dog sits next to her and a man .
A little dog carries a small stick in his mouth .
A little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth .
A small dog fetching a small stick .
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
A small dog is walking on green grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
A boy in a tan coat throws some red leaves at the camera .
A boy throws red and orange leaves into the air .
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves .
Little boy with green shirt and brown jacket is throwing orange fall leaves .
Young boy tosses autumn leaves
A lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool .
A woman and a child play in the water .
A woman and a girl splashing in water .
A woman is holding a small girl in the midst of a large wave .
Mother and daughter play in the waves .
Children playing in a pool .
Swimmers move through the water .
Two children splashing in the water .
Two kids splashing in the water .
Two people are in the water and splashing .
a dog chases another dog .
Two dogs are running through the snow with ball in their mouths .
Two dogs holding red balls in their mouth , running in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow
Two tan dogs run in the snow carrying red balls in their mouths .
A blonde lady wearing a tan jacket samples a seafood dish at a restaurant .
A blond woman is eating in a busy restaurant .
A blurry woman eating fish .
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant .
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips .
a man and a woman posing for a picture
A man and a woman smile as they dance .
A man and woman making funny faces for picture .
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph .
A man is recording something with a red flag behind him .
A man with a video camera is taping while another paints art while onlookers pass by .
A person holding a camera in front of a pole with writing on it .
Kid posts sign while a woman walks by and a young man hold a video camera
The man is shooting video of another writing on a pole .
A snowboarder flies in the air .
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark .
Snowboarder in the air performing a stunt .
There is a snowboarder doing tricks in a half pipe .
The snowboarder gets serious air .
A bike rider performing a stunt on the cliffs near the water .
A biker makes a jump across from a city beach .
A cyclist doing a jump outdoors , with urban seaside terrain in the background .
A person is on a bike in midair .
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it .
A boy climbs rocks .
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him .
A man watches two small boys playing in a naturally formed rock .
Children playing on rocks .
Kids play in a rocky area .
A man and a woman are smiling .
A man and a woman laughing .
A man and a woman laugh together by a white door .
A man and woman are apparantly laughing .
The man and woman are both smiling .
Man in a sweater pointing at the camera .
One man is posing with arms outstretched and finger pointed while another stares from behind him .
The man in the black hat stands behind the man who is pointing his finger .
Two men look toward the camera , while the one in front points his index finger .
Two men , one wearing a black hat while the one in front points , standing in a hallway .
A man in wrestling tights poses in a furious pose on a stage in front of some pyrotechnics .
A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background .
A man wearing shorts is standing near explosive special effects .
An almost naked man on a stage with fire .
A wrestler poses in front of a series of explosions .
A man in a black vest walks on a rail .
A man is standing with his arms spread wide and an open vest exposing his chest .
A man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert .
A man who is dressed like a wrestler walks while people take his picture .
A shirtless man wearing a vest walks on a stage with his arms up .
A boy , an adult and two dogs running through the snow
A man and a child walk through the snow with two dogs .
Family running with dogs in the snow .
Two people are walking two golden dogs in the snow .
Two people wearing camouflage clothing in the snow with two dogs .
A group stands in the distance while the sky casts interesting light on some clouds .
a photographer stand to the left of a tree in a field , whist four other people stand to the right on a sunny day .
Dark bushes , siluettes of people , clouds .
Men with surveying equipment are in the background of landscape .
People and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky .
A dirt biker in the desert .
A man does a jump in the desert on a motorcycle .
A man is doing a motocross jump into the air .
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert .
A motorcycle rider wearing black and silver does a wheelie on a sandy terrain .
A boy blowing bubbles into the camera .
A little boy and a little girl are playing outside with bubbles .
A small boy blowing bubbles while a small girl stands behind him in the grass .
The girl has a passifier while the boy is making bubbles
Two small blonde children blowing bubbles in a park .
a lone four wheeler wearing a helmet riding along a dusty path .
A man in jeans is riding an ATV over sand .
A man on a 4-wheeler is in midair in a dry dusty area .
A person in a helmet rides a four-wheel vehicle in the desert .
A person rides a four-wheeler in the air .
A smiling girl in glasses and a blue-gray scarf with a smiling girl in a black coat leaning on her shoulder .
A woman leaning her head on the shoulder of another woman .
Two girls , one wearing glasses , dressed in cold weather clothing smile for the camera .
Two warmly dress girls posing for a picture outdoors
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
A black dog in an orange bandanna pouncing on a blue soccer ball in an area covered by fallen leaves .
A black dog pounces on a ball in the leaves .
A black dog pushes a blue ball in a yard of brown leaves .
A dog jumps at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves .
A little black dog wearing a red collar is in the leaves with a blue ball .
The two dogs in the snow have a red leash .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow are playing with a red leash .
Two dogs play in snow with red leash .
Two dogs play with a red leash on the snow .
A playful puppy bites the shirt of a young boy .
Two boys and a white dog stand in a park .
Two children play with a white dog .
Two children stand in the grass while a white dog bites one of their sweaters .
Two kids playing with a dog .
A little black dog chases another little black dog through thick snow .
Two black dogs walking through the snow .
Two dogs are running through snow , away from the camera .
Two dogs of the same breed are running through snow that has buried grass .
Two large black dogs run through the snow .
A group of people are backpacking through a grassy field .
A group of people walk in a line through a field next to a forest .
A group of people walking through a grassy field .
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .
Several people in line walking through grass with nets in hand .
A black dog and a brown dog are smelling each others noses .
A black dog and a brown dog touching noses in a grassy field .
A black dog is touching noses with a light brown dog .
There are two dogs , one is black and the other is brown , sniffing each other .
Two dogs examine each other in a field .
A bicyclist does tricks on a lime green bike .
A man dressed in black rides a green bike .
A man performs a stoppie trick on his BMX green bicycle with no hands .
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel .
The man is doing a trick on his green bike .
A snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition .
A snowboarder in midair , after jumping a ramp .
A snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill .
A snowboarder launches off a ramp .
Snowboarder sails in the air .
A brown , black , and white dog runs along on the gravel .
A dog runs
A little dog running on sand .
The brown , white and black dog runs on a gravel surface .
The dog is running across the gravel .
A couple standing outside a street
A man and a woman standing on a city street .
A man wearing black and a woman wearing white are smiling .
A woman and a man standing on a busy city street smiling .
Two people stand on a Boston street in winter .
a deer and several turkeys together in the snow
A deer looks at 5 turkeys in the snow .
Deer and turkeys in the snow .
Deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground .
Large turkeys and deer stand in the snow .
A blond-hair girl is eating a peach .
A girl eating a peach .
A girl eats a peach .
A little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach .
A young girl with blonde hair eating a peach .
A boy in a brown jacket holds a large chunk of snow .
A boy wearing blue mittens gets ready to throw snow .
A child preparing to throw a snowball .
A young boy grins as he holds up a clump of snow .
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow .
A man and two women pose outside a retail store .
A short woman poses between two tall men in front of a store that 's going out of busines .
Three people stand in front of a store window and smile .
three people standing outside a store window with two large signs in the background
Two tall men and a short woman standing in front of a store that is having a closeout
A man jumping a barrel while skateboarding .
Man does a skateboard trick on green barrel .
Skateboarder grinding a barrel .
The man is rollerskating on a green barrel .
The skateboarder is leaping over a green barrel .
an ice skater skating around a ring
An ice speed skater is skating on the ice wearing a red , blue , and grey uniform .
a person speed skating
A speed skater on the ice rink .
Speedskater skating a race .
A man and a woman with a red book , both dressed in black .
A man and woman pose together on a cobblestone street .
A well dressed man and woman are posing for a picture .
Man and Woman standing together on a cobbled street having their picture taken .
The warmly dressed man and woman stand together outside .
A group of men hold up a man to get a rugby ball .
A soccer team is holding up on player in victory .
rugby match
The team of soccer players is competing while wearing red , white , and green .
Two opposing players are in the air during a rugby match .
A little boy in pajamas snuggles on a couch with a Santa hat .
A small child wearing a green long sleeved top lays with her head on a pillow .
A smiling child with Christmas colored clothing .
Child on couch , holding red cloth with white fur .
The child with a green shirt is on a bed smiling
A little kid in a striped shirt on a purple floor is getting excited at chasing bubbles .
A young toddler boy dances with bubbles at an inside play area .
Little kids play with bubbles as an adult blows them .
The child jumps up at bubbles .
Young boy with blonde hair swipes at bubbles in the air .
A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house .
A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house .
Child shovels snow , near bush , outside of building .
The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house .
The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .
A man stands on a surfboard and coasts down a large wave .
A surfer catches a large wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
a surfer surfs across the large wave .
The surfer in the wetsuit is riding a wave .
A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot .
A basketball player tries to block another .
Two basketball players reaching for a ball .
Two men are playing Basketball
two men jump for the basketball .
a basketball player defends another player .
A man with a basketball blocks an attempt to take his ball .
Man runs by other man with basketball at a game .
The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stop him .
Two men are playing during a basketball game .
A bald basketball player is standing on a court with the ball in his right hand .
A basketball player holding a ball with Miami 5 on his shirt .
A guy playing basketball .
A Miami basketball player with basketball in right hand on court .
Number five of the University of Miami men 's basketball team has the ball .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a big wave .
A man in a wetsuit surfing .
A surfer is riding a large wave .
Two surfers catch the same huge wave in the ocean .
Two surfers ride a wave .
Two black dogs in the snow .
Two black dogs jump in the snow .
Two black dogs run in the snow in a field of dry grass .
Two dogs are running and playing in the snow
Two dogs playing in the snow .
a basketball player attempts to get the basketball from another player .
Fast paced basketball action
The basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up .
Two men are playing basketball
While one ball player watches helplessly , another jumps and shoots the ball toward the basket .
A basketball player is about to make a lay-up .
Four basketball players , in front of a crowd .
Miami and Clemson playing a basketball game , one player about to lay the ball in
The basketball player in white is jumping up to score a point against the orange team .
The man in the white jersey is trying to score and his opponent is trying to catch the ball .
Little kids stand together and receive an award for something .
Three children are standing with baskets on numbered blocks .
Three children standing on a podium , awaiting an award .
Three children stand on a pedestal indicating first , second , and third place .
three children stand on the pedestal .
Dogs chase each other .
Two brown and white dogs wrestle while running across the wet sand .
Two dogs , identical white with brown spots wrestle on jet black sand .
Two white and brown dogs playing on a beach .
Two white dogs with brown markings playing .
Two ladies wearing dresses pose on the side of the road at night .
Two woman wearing dresses stand in the street and pose .
Two women in dresses pose on a street .
Two women on the side of a road .
Two women wearing dresses and heels posing under hanging lights on a street .
A white duck expanding its wings in the water .
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .
A white duck spreads its wings while in the water .
white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
Two boys on a boat riding though the water .
Two boys sitting on a boat in the water .
Two men are riding a blue and orange boat .
Two men sit on the dock overlooking blue water .
two young men with shirts are riding on the back of a boat with an orange deck .
A black and brown dog jumps through the snow .
A dog is running through the snow .
A dog running with a stick in the snow .
A German Shephard plays in the snow .
Black and tan dog with object in mouth in the snow .
A closeup of a white dog 's face while he is holding a stick in his mouth .
A closeup photo of a brown dog chewing on a muddy stick .
A tan dog chewing on a dog treat .
Dog with long wet hair biting stick .
The brown dog has a stick in its mouth .
Four children hold hands and jump into a pool .
Four children jumping in a swimming pool , with only two wearing water wings .
four children jump into the pool .
Four children jump into the pool together .
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool .
A group of children sit against a fence , covered with a blanket .
Four children huddle under a blanket .
Four children keeping warm under a blanket .
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors .
Four warmly dressed children sit by a cement wall covered in a blue blanket .
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building .
A man in a red suit climbs a rock wall .
A rock climber wearing a Santa suit is hanging from a strand of Christmas lights .
Santa Claus climbing a rock strung with Christmas lights .
Someone dressed like Santa Claus is climbing a rock wall .
Two black dogs fetching toys in the snow .
Two black dogs in the snow .
Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths .
Two black dogs running on the snow are biting onto something red and orange .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
a bird dives for some food .
A falcon pursues a small rodent as it flees through the grass .
A hawk diving to catch a small animal .
Falcon closing in on rodent .
The hawk swoops down upon its prey .
The two children and the baby with the pink shirt are surrounded by toys .
Three children playing on a floor with toys .
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys .
Three young children playing with colourful toys .
Two small children and a baby are playing with a lot of toys together .
A white dog with brown ears leaps at a white dog running from it .
Two dogs running along a fence .
Two white dogs are running alongside one another next to a fence .
Two white dogs running and playing in a grassy yard .
Two white dogs running with each other .
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope .
A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a yellow rope .
girl wearing swim gear is surfboarding
This boy is doing a stunt with a tow rope and skateboard .
Waterskier holding line , mid-jump and almost turned upside down .
A family surrounds a baby in the father 's lap .
a family gathers in the living room .
A man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children .
A man sitting on a couch holding a baby , surrounded by three young girls .
Three little girls looking at a baby that a man is holding on his lap
A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .
two cold people stand near a pole .
Two people outside in cold winter , with a scarf and hat on
Two people standing in the snow
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene .
A fruit stand with its vendor .
A man selling produce on the street .
a man sells fruit .
A man sells fruit .
Man with a fanny pack standing beside fruit stand .
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night .
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
A man stands at the top of a stadium staircase .
A child wearing big green fist gloves .
A young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on .
A young boys hands is wearing two giant green gloves .
A young boy wearing costume hands raises his arms .
Small barefoot child with large green toy hands .
A child staring at Santa .
A father and son looking at a funny looking Santa .
A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws .
The child is looking at Santa Claus .
The little boy has a yellow crown and the man is wearing red velvet .
A guy on a surfboard .
A man is surfing on a white surfboard with his hands upraised .
A man surfing a wave .
A surfer is doing a turn on his board .
Surfer in wetsuit riding a wave .
A man and woman in masks and costume make a toast in front of a christmas tree .
A woman in mask sits next to a man wearing a Santa suit and also in mask as they hold wine glasses next to a Christmas tree .
Santa and a woman drink wine next to the christmas tree while wearing joke disguise glasses .
Two people , one of whom is in a Santa costume , pose wearing funny glasses .
Two people with silly disguises at Christmas time
A girl jumping into a pool , with a man standing near .
A girl jumps into a swimming pool with a guy in black .
A man and little girl are playing in an above ground swimming pool .
A man and little girl splashing in pool .
a man in black clothes is watching a child making a splash in a pool .
A closeup of three people smiling for the camera .
A girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera .
A girl in a black and white headband and pink neck tie holding a glass with friends on either side of her .
Three people pose for a picture .
Two women and a man pose for the camera .
A couple enjoying a bit of nightlife smile for the camera .
A guy and a female with drinks in hand .
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .
A young couple holding drinks and smiling .
Two smiling people with drinks in their hands face each other for a picture .
a man and a woman are dressed in black coats
A man and a woman wearing black wool coats .
A man and woman both wearing black coats pose for a picture .
A man and woman in black coats are outside while it is snowing .
A man with glasses and a woman wearing a black hat both wearing black winter coats .
A couple wearing winter coats posing together .
A man and woman pose for a picture together , with neither smiling .
A man has is arm around the woman who is holding a metallic object up to her face .
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture .
Blurry photo of man and woman .
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital .
A man is playing the guitar for a child in a hospital bed
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A man plays guitar for a girl in the hospital .
A man with a guitar playing to an ill little girl in a hospital bed .
One girl is wearing a white t-shirt with red sleeves ; the other has words on hers .
two asian girls laughing together
Two girls with dark hair and white shirts .
Two girls with long hair are smiling and one is hold something white and green .
Two women in white shirts talking .
a boy wearing yellow reads a book .
A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him .
A parent and their toddler are reading a book .
A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap .
A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book .
A bunch of football players in blue .
A football team in blue uniforms run out of a smoke cloud .
A group of football players wearing blue uniforms run down a foggy field .
a large group of football players in blue jerseys running through the field .
Seven American footballers in blue are doing a victory run towards camera .
A bald man in a striped shirt and jeans walks away from a mural of a red car with a blonde man wearing an orange and black jacket with jeans .
Two men are walking towards a building with a huge car painted on it .
Two men walking in front of a grafitti image of a car .
two men walking past a graffited wall scene of a red classic car
Two men walking past a mural of a car .
An older man in a tank top and a younger girl in striped shirt pose on a couch .
An older man is hugging a younger girl .
An old man and a young woman embrace on a couch .
An old man is hugging a woman in a red striped top on the couch .
An old man is hugging the young girl wearing a red striped shirt .
A man stands onstage with a fireworks going off beside of him .
A performer on a concert stage .
A person onstage with a light show in pink and blue .
Fireworks light up the night as a man stands onstage .
Person standing onstage with fireworks shooting behind them
A subway train with lights on is at the station .
A train approaches in a dimly lit subway .
A train is underground .
The train is coming down the track .
train in station
A person in an orange shirt reaching up .
A person wearing an orange shirt has her hand in the air as others watch .
A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air .
a woman in orange throws her hand in the air .
The woman in the orange shirt has her hand raised .
A child is smiling whilst he is has his hands clasped in front of him .
A group of children doing a dance .
A group of young people doing a pose .
A little boy in a black and white snow costume dances with a group of little girls .
Children are dressed in black and white costumes .
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game .
A hockey player guards the goal .
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal .
An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal .
The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal .
A brown and white horse runs in the gravel .
A brown and white horse runs quickly .
a horse runs .
A large horse with gear , but no rider .
The horse gallops around the field .
A group of people are burning things .
Several people read by a campfire at night .
Three men in caps sit at fireside near cabin , reading at night .
three people sit around a campfire .
Three people sitting around a fire .
Two girls pose for a picture at Christmastime .
Two girls stand in front of a Christmas tree , with their arms around each other .
Two girls who look alike pose in front of a Christmas tree .
Two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a Christmas tree behind them .
Two young women smiling in front of a christmas tree .
Three girls are posing for a picture beside a dresser in front of a decorated Christmas tree .
Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
Three women are posing together in front of a Christmas tree .
Three women one of which is holding a paper cup posing in front of a Christmas tree .
Three women standing next to each other are smiling in front of a Christmas tree .
Four people make a silly pose at the dinner table .
Four people smile and hold golden plates behind their heads .
friends posing for a picture while holding plates
Two men and two women hold gold plates behind their heads .
Two men and women pose for a camera with large gold plates held behind their heads .
A dog leaps down the road .
A little white dog jumping on the ground .
A small dog jumping on a street .
A white dog is jumping on the street .
The dog is jumping in the air .
A man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard .
A person wearing a black sweatshirt and red pants is riding on a snowboard on a green box .
A snowboarder is beginning a stunt from the edge of a green jump box .
A snowboarder is standing on top of a platform in the snow .
The snowboarder is ready to jump .
A boy in a camouflage coat is jumping onto a snowboard .
a boy in black snow pants and a brown jacket is diving onto a blue sledge in front of a wooden fence .
A boy jumping onto a sled .
Child in camouflage jacket jumps on sled .
The boy is wearing a jacket .
A downhill skier in black catches a tiny bit of air
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A skier about to go down the mountain .
A skier is on a snow covered hill .
The skier is aiming downhill , overlooking a wooded area .
A black-and-white dog bounds off the ground , all feet in the air , of a yellow field .
A black and white dog is jumping over high yellow grass .
A black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass .
a dog runs through the dry grass .
The black and white dog runs through the field .
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with his skateboard .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding .
A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air .
A skateboarder jumps in the air .
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair .
Two boys are standing in a kitchen .
Two boys play in a kitchen .
Two little boys are standing in a kitchen .
Two young boys are playing in the kitchen of a house .
Two young boys standing in a kitchen with hardwood floors .
Two boys standing in an empty corn field in the winter .
Two people stand on a harvested field in cold weather .
Two young boys standing in a corn field after the harvest .
Two young boys wearing jackets frolic in a large field .
Two young people brave the cold .
A man playing rugby has the ball and tries to evade a tackler .
A man runs on a field with the ball and a man in a striped shirt is on the ground .
a man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
One rugby player attempts to take down another .
While holding tight to the ball , the man in red socks is getting tackled .
A toddler girl plays with another younger toddler girl .
Two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
Two babies are sitting close together while reaching for something .
Two children sitting on the floor .
Two young children sitting together playing .
A bald man is holding a cute baby girl in an office .
Adult man holds toddler .
An old man and a baby in red .
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red .
A crowd is watching a performance in a dark venue , and one man is taking a photo .
A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs .
A crowd of people with one man taking a photo .
A man with a camera aimed at a singer in a green jacket .
A photographer taking a picture while surrounded by people
A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men .
A man in a pointed red hat holds a white umbrella .
A man is wearing a Santa hat and holding a white umbrella while two men with orangish red boas look on in amusement .
People walk out of a building past two manequins .
Two men in black leather jackets , glasses , and hats , open them up for walkers .
A bunch of people are watching ice skaters .
Kids play in the snow while parents watch
Many people are watching others ice skate on a snowy day .
People are ice skating around a tree with onlookers and buildings nearby .
Several people standing near a tree in front of buildings .
Two elderly women with small child sucking pacifier
Two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown dress .
Two woman with a baby
Two women are holding a young child .
Two women sitting next to each other one is holding a baby and the other is showing her bracelet .
A baby plays with a woman .
A baby touching a woman 's face .
A toddler reaching for a woman 's face .
A toddler reaching out to a woman 's face .
The baby pinches the woman 's cheek .
A baby in pink , striped clothing is sitting near an older lady wearing red and black .
A baby sitting next to a very old woman .
A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier , and she is on a chair with another woman .
A woman in a red shirt is holding a black dog on a brown sofa with a little girl wearing a striped onsie with a pacifier in her mouth .
The baby sitting next to the black dog is sucking a pacifier .
A woman and a baby waiting with luggage
A woman monitoring a baby as it plays with nearby luggage .
Near seats , woman has spread out green blanket to sit on floor with baby .
Woman and baby sitting on floor in waiting room .
Woman and baby waiting at an airport .
An child playing in a pile of snow on a street while an adult watches .
Child playing in a snow mound in the street .
Children play in a pile of snow .
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road .
Two young girls dressed in winter clothes play in a mound of snow .
A girl wearing a Bohemian hat and black jacket is walking trying to get something out of her blue purse .
A woman in a short skirt and boots .
The lady is dressed for cold weather .
The lady is wearing a black coat , gloves , and boots .
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots .
Three smiling women , one with a shoulder bag , one with a blue cup and one using sign language are posing for a picture .
Three women are drinking and hugging .
Three women are posing for a picture
Three women are posing together and smiling while one holds up a hand signal .
Three women pose for a picture together .
A couple in an embrace looking at each other .
A man and woman are dancing nearby others who are doing the same .
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black .
The red haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white .
A basett hound runs for a falling biscut .
A brown dog with big ears walks across the carpet after a brown toy .
A hound dog runs around in a house chasing a toy .
Brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby .
The brown and white dog is running to catch something .
A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water .
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming .
A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth .
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water .
A small black and white dog carries a stick while swimming .
A child holds a yellow balloon .
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A little girl in traditional chinese garb holds a balloon .
A young girl is holding a long thin yellow balloon .
The little girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth .
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth .
A dog is running in water with a red stick in its mouth
A dog runs on the beach with a red toy with a string in his mouth .
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth .
A woman in a green coat standing next to a telephone stand .
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone .
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone .
A woman is standing near a public phone outside a bookstore on a city street .
Woman standing next to a public telephone near the street .
A boy and girl walk in shallow water .
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .
Two people are walking through some water .
Two people dressed in winter apparel venture out onto a frozen body of water .
Two people in winter coats walking down a road .
A black man is dunking a basketball while another man jostles him on the court .
A man in a white jersey is slam dunking a basketball .
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basketball game .
A person in uniform dunking a basketball .
Player number 23 dunks the basketball into the net with a crowd in the background .
A man in black rides a bicycle across the street while another walks holding a dog .
A man on a bicycle and a man on foot in a crosswalk .
A man on a bike and another man with a dog in his bag crossing a wet street
The man on the bike is riding next to a man holding a dog .
Two men , one on a bike and one that is walking .
a basketball player gets ready for the shot .
A basketball player is looking up and set to throw the ball .
Florida men 's basketball player # 33 shooting basketball .
The basketball player is holding a basketball getting ready to take a shot .
The Florida basketball player is preparing to shoot the ball .
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide .
Three boys climb on a slide
Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants are at the top of a slide .
Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose at the top of a slide .
Three children are posing on a playground slide .
Two boys are sitting in a green kayak on the grass .
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass .
Two children in green plastic boat on lawn .
Two children sit in a green vessel in a yard .
Two young boys are in a green kayak in the grass .
A man holds a stick while a stream of fire erupts from the end of it .
A man is playing with fire in front of a group of people .
A man sets off a large sparkler while the crown watches on .
A man with a firecracker with a crowd of people behind him watching .
fireworks light up a nighttime street , while the crowd stands back
A dog is running through some dead leaves .
a tan dog running through the grass with the background blurry
A yellow dog with a collar running in a wooded area .
Brown and tan dog runs through brown , leafy terrain
Pale brown dog runs in blurred , rural scene .
A basketball player holds the ball during a game .
Man with a basketball in a Florida uniform .
The basketball player in white is holding an orange basketball .
The basketball player is wearing a Florida jersey .
There is a Florida college player dribbling the ball .
A child gets ready to hike the ball to another .
Two boys playing flag football with purple jerseys .
Two children are playing flag football together .
two children are playing with a football on the grass .
Two little boys playing flag football in purple jerseys .
A man with rock climbing equipment is hanging from a vertical , white rock .
A woman climbing a rocky cliff .
A woman doing rock climbing .
a woman with a ponytail climbing a rock wall
A young woman with a ponytail climbs a white stone structure .
A closeup of an elderly man wearing glasses .
A man wearing glasses looks down and smiles .
A man with gray hair and glasses looks downwards .
An elderly man looks down and smiles .
Grey haired man with glasses .
Two bikers race uphill .
Two dirtbikers are taking their motorbikes through a snowy path .
Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit .
Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow .
Two people in the middle of a dirt bike race .
A black dog is looking at the ball on the beach by the ocean .
A dog and a ball on a beach .
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .
A dog stands on a beach at sunset .
Dog in shadow on beach at sunset .
The two dogs are running toward the camera .
Two dogs running along dirt path .
Two dogs running down a path in the woods .
Two dogs run through a field .
Two long haired dogs racing down a forest path .
A person riding a snowboard goes over a snowy ramp .
A snowboarder flies off a huge jump .
A snowboarder flies through the air after leaving a large snow ramp .
person on snowboard in air
The snowboarder jumps in midair on his board .
a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building
A man and a woman are looking at each other while standing on an elaborate indoor balcony .
A man and a woman looking over a balcony at an elegant building
A man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building .
A man and woman stand at a balcony looking at each other .
A brown dog running through the water .
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
Wet blonde dog running through water
A man dressed in a military uniform bends over to speak to a person sitting on the sidewalk .
A man in sailor whites talks to a person seated on the ground .
a man sitting on the floor crying while another man is trying to comfort him .
A pilot is bending down to assist a man that is crying .
A sailor is checking on a man who is sitting on the ground crying .
A man fishing in a pointy blue boat on a river lined with palm trees .
A man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds .
A man rows a canoe through wooded waters .
A reson is in a blue canoe in front of some plants .
Person in aqua boat beside tropical bank
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .
A man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches .
Two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
Two people on a street , one person looking down .
A black and white dog bits the jacket of a person .
A dog pulls at the sleeve of a man in a leather coat .
A dog with a sleeve in its mouth of a coat a man is wearing .
Brown and white dog biting man 's leather jacket .
The dog has jumped up and is pulling at the man 's leather jacket with its mouth .
A black and white dog walks along a sandy beach .
A dog walks along a beach .
A dog walks on the sand along the water .
A white dog running on the beach .
The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean .
A brown dog is running next to a chain link fence while a darker dog stands nearby .
Two dogs in a yard .
Two dogs run around inside a fence .
Two dogs standing in the grass , one is running .
Two greyhounds are playing in a fenced yard .
A boy and a dog hold onto the same stick in a game .
A boy and a dog play with a stick .
A boy tries to take a stick from a small , brown dog .
a small dog with a boy holding a stick in his mouth
A young boy grabbing a stick his dog is holding in his mouth .
A kid wearing a life jacket in a swimming pool .
A young child in a pool wearing a life vest .
a young child swimming in a pool wearing a blue life jacket
Two black children , one wearing a floatation device , play in a pool .
Two boys in a swimming pool
A person in a red shirt holding a paper bag above a baggage cart .
A person riding transit ( catching ? ) a paper bag .
A woman sitting on a bus with a paper bag hanging on a carrier
Man seated on train , holding onto a rolling coat rack that holds a shopping bag
Woman with a brown paper bag on a bus .
A little girl in a black dress smiles as she sits on Santa 's lap .
A little girl is sitting on Santa 's lap
A man dressed as Santa clause , with a little girl in his lap .
A young girl is sitting on Santa 's lap .
Santa Claus with a young girl in a black print dress in his lap .
two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
Two black dogs run through the snow with a red toy in one dog 's mouth .
Two dogs are chewing at a red object whilst running in the snow .
Two dogs fighting over a toy in the snow .
Two dogs playing together in the snow .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder in midair
A snowboarder in midair , hovering over a snow ramp .
A snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains .
a snowboarder jumps off of a ramp in the snowy mountains
A brown dog bites a purple mitten in the snow .
A brown dog in snow is biting at a piece of pink cloth .
A dog in the snow ripping an object with its teeth
A dog on snow has something in its mouth .
The brown dog is gnawing at something in the snow .
A man in skiing gear is airborne .
A man is skiing in midair .
A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene .
A skier is airborne in front of some trees .
A skier flies through the air .
A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
A basketball player takes a shot .
A black man playing basketball with orange shoes
Basketball player with 32 on jersey jumps to make a shot , crowd in background .
Miami basketball player shooting
A basketball
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
A Miami basketball player dribbles the ball and looks serious .
A Miami Hurricanes basketball player has possession of the ball .
The basketball player in the white strip is dribbling the ball on the court .
A bald man dribbles a basketball while wearing a Miami jersey .
Man playing basketball , jersey number 5 .
Number five plays basketball for Miami .
The basketball player is wearing orange sneakers .
The number five Miami player dribbles down the court .
A dog jumping up in the air .
A dog stands on his hind legs for a lady in purple .
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it .
A white and brown spotted dog , standing on its hind legs in front of a woman and a cake .
The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs .
A man jumps over a staircase with a skateboard , doing a trick .
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard .
A skateboarder in the air while flipping his board
A young man does a skateboard trick near steps outside .
a young man doing tricks on a skateboard
A black dog shakes itself dry on the beach in front of the waves .
A dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean .
A dog shaking off after coming out of the ocean .
dog shaking off water by the ocean
The dog is shaking off his fur in front of the water .
A man jumps while on a snowboard .
A man wearing camo pants and a grey jacket snowboarding near a wooded area .
a snowboarder is airborne in front of some trees .
A young man performs tricks on a snowboard .
Snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap .
A boy does a jumping trick on a snowboard .
A person in an orange parka soaring through the air on a snowboard .
a snowboarder gets some air .
A snowboarder wearing an orange jacket in midair .
A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow .
A dog catches a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps up to catch a blue and tan ball .
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
A dog with its mouth open is about to catch a ball in a living room .
A white dog with black spots is catching a baseball with its mouth .
many people carry their drums .
Marching band dressed in yellow and green march on the field .
Oregon percussionists are marching with the band .
People marching on the grass in yellow shirts carrying drums
Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up carrying drums .
Several basketball players are grabbing for the ball during a game .
The basketball player in white holds the ball .
Three basketball players leap to grab a ball .
three men are playing a game of basketball
Three men are playing basketball .
A blond woman with her hand on the throat of a blond girl .
A mother is asking her daughter to make a nice face for the camera .
There are two blond hair women in the picture with one pretending to choke the other .
Two blonde women , one in glasses .
Two women joking around are caught on camera .
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches .
Some kids play in a field .
The children are playing outdoors , while a man smiles nearby .
The girl in the light pink shirt is playing a game with the other children .
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard .
A black and white dog is trying to catch a Frisbee in the air .
A dog jumps to catch a red Frisbee in the yard .
Dog is jumping up on a very green lawn to catch a Frisbee .
The black and white dog tries to catch a red Frisbee on green grass .
Three boys walk on rocks along a river .
Three males walk on rocks by a stream .
three men in brown shorts are walking on rocks beside a river .
three people walking on rocks near a stream
Three people walk on the rocks near the water .
a lone skier wearing a red backpack stumbling down a snowy mountain
A person skiing downhill .
A skier is attempting a turn in a patch of deep snow pack .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A skier is falling down a snowy mountain .
A man in a black helmet riding his bike on a trail .
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path .
a man is riding a trails bicycle on a dirt track through rough terrain .
A man wearing a black bike helmet rides a bike on a brown , grassy surface with weeds all around .
Man riding a bicycle through dry grass
A blond hair boy in short , short sleeve shirt and sandals in overlooking a snowcapped mountain .
A boy in a blue shirt is standing at the foot of a hill with a snowball in his hand .
A boy in a t-shirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain .
A boy preparing to throw a snowball
A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain .
The two guys in blue jeans and winter hats hand out condoms .
Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them .
Two young men distribute Obama condoms .
two young men promting their website wearing knit caps and trying to sell condoms
Two young men stand in front of a sign advertising a website .
A fight breaks out at a hockey game .
A hockey fight .
A referee tries to break up a fight between two players at a hockey game .
a referee stops a hockey fight .
The referee is coming to break up the fight between the hockey players .
A barefoot man in his pajamas is looking toward the sky while walking on the tennis court .
A barefoot man walks across a tennis court .
A man in a blue shirt is walking barefoot .
a man wearing a blue shirt walking barefoot on a tennis court
The man is wearing a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court .
These men are smoking outside a grey building .
Two men are standing by a railing , while posing for a picture .
Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail .
Two men smoking behind a railing .
Two men smoking while standing by a rail in front of a building
a couple of people running on the shore near the beach .
A man and a woman hopping acrouss hot sand .
People running away from seagulls on the beach .
Two people run in the sand at the beach .
Two people run along a beach with seagulls
A family sits , works , and talks in the kitchen .
A man and two women are busying themselves in the kitchen while a woman looks at the camera .
A photo of four people in a kitchen .
Four people in a kitchen
Four people site in a kitchen
Three dogs are playing in the white snow .
Three dogs , one holding a red Frisbee , standing in snow .
Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow .
Three dogs playing with a toy in the snow .
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field .
A child running in the grass .
A child runs through the grass laughing .
A little kid running towards the camera .
A small child runs along the grass smiling .
A smiling little boy runs on freshly mowed grass between a row of trees .
A baby is held by an adult and is sitting on a table at a coffee shop .
A man holds a baby on the table at a restaurant .
A man in glasses has his arm around a baby in orange and yellow that has foam on her nose .
An adult holds a small child who sits on a table in a mall food court .
Man in glasses holding a toddler on the table at a restaurant .
Two brown dogs are running through the green grass .
Two brown dogs run through the grass .
Two dogs are running through the grass .
Two dogs run through grass .
Two light colored dogs running in the grass .
A group of
A group of aboriginal girls is wearing bright colors .
A group of African children are dressed in colorful clothes .
A group of children in African clothing .
A group of little girls wearing headscarfs pose for a group picture .
A dog leaps across the grass .
A white and brown dog is running over grass .
A white dog with a red collar and black spots runs on newly cut grass .
The dog in a red collar runs in the grass .
White dog with black markings and red collar leaping over the grass .
A female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing .
A woman skies
A woman skiing
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .
The girl skies down the snowy mountain .
A parachute is making his landing as the sunsets behind him .
A person is parasailing as the sun sets .
A person paraglides at sundown .
A silhouette of a figure parachuting at sunset .
With the sun rising , a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them .
A brown and white dog jumps onto a beige leather chair .
A brown and white dog sliding off an oversized cream chair .
A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
A small white dog jumps on a chair
A white and brown dog jumps on a white leather recliner chair .
A lone surfer on a white surfboard atop a huge wave in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave .
A man in a wetsuit surfs .
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
This is a male surfer riding against the waves .
a group of children playing in a stream
A group of children play in the muddy water near the woods .
Six people are sitting in a shallow creek making mud castles .
Six people in bathing suits are playing around in a creek .
Some children are playing in a woodland stream .
A female snowboarder relaxing as the day comes to an end
a girl wearing a green jumpsuit and goggles with a beautiful sunset in the background
A snowboarder in a green jumpsuit looks behind herself .
A woman snowboarder has a profile photo taken of herself at sunset .
A woman wearing colorful goggles looks to the side as a sun sets behind her .
An elephant draped in red , blue and gold fabric walking on a stone path .
An elephant is carrying something in its trunk and is covered by some bright-colored fabric .
an elephant wearing a colorful drap carrying foliage in his trunk .
An elephant wearing a red and blue scarf walks along the brick road .
An elephant wearing red and blue fabric holds grass in his trunk .
A man holding a cup rides down an elevator .
A man holding a drink is coming down an escalator .
A man on an escalator carrying a red and white cup looking up .
A young man holding a drink is going down a green escalator .
Man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
A skier coming over a snowy hill while people look on .
A snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch .
One person snowboarding while others look on .
People are watching a skier perform a trick in the air .
There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow .
A group of elephants are being ridden by men .
Five men dressed in white ride on elephants that are painted with bright colors .
Five men wearing turbans are riding on elephants a far eastern city street .
Four men wearing turbans wait to give elephant rides to people .
Several men riding elephants through the street .
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant 's head .
A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist .
A woman is petting a man 's elephant .
A woman pats an elephant that is saddled to give rides .
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant .
A group of woman in red shirts are singing .
A group of women in red shirts singing together .
Choir ensemble of women dressed in red .
These women in red tops are singing .
The women are wearing red shirts , and singing .
A goalie in a blue jersey catches a soccer ball by a player in a red jersey .
A man catches a ball in front of a large crowd .
A soccer goalie blocking a shot next to a player from the opposite team .
There is a goalie in the air making a save in a game .
Two soccer players are playing soccer .
A boy in a white shirt and blue shirts is playing tennis .
A boy swings his tennis racket at a tennis ball .
A kid in a black cap and light blue shorts playing tennis .
A person with sunglasses , blue shorts and a white shirt hitting a tennis ball .
A woman is hitting a tennis ball .
Two dogs are playing catch in a field .
Two dogs attempt to get a small ball .
two dogs jump for the ball .
Two white dogs are chasing a ball with one of them airborne .
Two white dogs are playing with an orange ball in the dry grass .
Man and woman use telephot lenses by a winter road .
Several people take pictures with tripods in the snow .
Two people film on a snowy day .
Two people outside in the snow taking pictures .
Two people taking pictures over snow covered ground .
sleds sled down the street
Children are sledding down a snowy hill .
Five children sledding down a snow-covered street .
Four children snow sledding down a hill .
The people ride down the road on sleds .
A man riding down a snowy hill .
A person riding a sled down a snowy slope .
Riding a sled down a hill .
The boy in the black outfit is riding down the snowy hill on a red sled .
The young boy sleds down the hill in the snow .
people are skiing down a snow covered hill
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
Four ski patrollers on skis are wearing helmets and goggles .
Skiers in uniform progress down a snowy slope .
there are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill .
A brown dog is running on a snow covered path .
A brown dog is running through the snow .
A brown dog runs down a snow-covered path .
A brown dog runs through a snowy trail .
A dog runs on a snowy path .
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass .
A white dog is chasing behind a black and white dog .
A white dog runs alongside a black and white dog in a grassy area .
Two dogs playing in a field .
Two white dogs running in grass .
A boy is skating along a ledge in an indoor skate center .
A guy on Rollerblades is grinding on a rail in a skate park .
A rollerblader grinding down a narrow platform at an indoor skate park .
a roller-blader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park .
Young man with white helmet is rollerblading on a ledge
Two men juggling red , blue , and green blocks .
Two men look like they are playing with boxes in a mall .
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony .
Two young Asian men juggle colored boxes in a mall .
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching .
A man is riding a bike down a dirt trail .
A mountain biker is riding on a woodland path .
A person is riding a bicycle on a trail through some trees .
Person riding a bike through area of trees and fallen leaves .
The bike rider rides in a wooded area .
A lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day .
A person dressed in black skiing down a snow covered hill .
A person skis down a snowy hill .
A skier on a high mountain slope .
Skier skiing downhill
A dog is walking through snow and a figure is in the distance .
A dog walking along a frosty path .
A dog walks in a foggy place .
A white dog walking in the snow .
A white dog walks along a path which has a thin covering of snow flakes .
A man and a woman wearing a head covering turn the video camera on themselves .
A man and woman pose for the video camera that they are holding .
A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera .
A smiling couple with a camcorder .
Woman standing with man holding a camcorder and smiling into lens .
A bike racer in a red jersey is pursued by another rider wearing blue .
Man with red shirt on a red bike in front of two other people on bikes .
Three bicyclists racing up a dirt path through the forest .
Three bikers pedal up a forest trail .
Three men riding bikes through the woods .
A person in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean with a wave coming down .
A person is surfing .
A surfer in all black is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
A brown dog carries a multiple colored toy in the grass .
A brown dog is running across the yard with its toy in its mouth .
A dog with a toy runs through the grass .
A golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy .
The dog is running with his toy in his mouth .
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress is lying on the floor crying .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her .
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum .
Two children sit on an animal 's back .
Two children sitting on a deer statue for a photo .
Two kids sit on a statue of a deer .
Two little kids riding on a fake reindeer .
Two young children sit on top of a deer statue .
a boy in a brown shirt , throwing a Frisbee .
A boy leaping to catch a flying Frisbee .
A child trying to catch a Frisbee .
A young child leaps and stretches to catch a blue Frisbee .
The little kid runs to grab the blue Frisbee that is flying through the air .
A man and a woman wearing costume glasses ( with attached eyebrows , nose , and moustache ) and holding cigars .
An older couple with Goucho Marx masks and fake cigars .
An older couple with joke glasses and cigars .
Man and woman wearing false eyebrows and noses .
The man and woman are posing with fake glasses and moustaches .
A dog stands on a bench in the snow .
A dog stands on a bench while snow is falling .
A Jack Russell Terrier stands on a bench in the snow .
a white and brown dog stands on a stone wall at night whilst snow is falling .
The dog stands on something while the snow falls around him .
A man performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
A person on a skateboard during a high jump .
a skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings .
A skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard .
A skateboarding soaring through the air in front of a blue building .
A group of dancers wearing black spandex are dancing in a studio .
A group of men and women in a dancing studio , their arms reaching to the sky .
Men and women in a dance class .
Men and women in dark shorts and tops are stretching their hands to the ceiling .
Several women and men are lifting their arms straight up above their heads .
a couple each wearing a silly mask and holding a fake cigar
A man and a woman are dressed as Groucho Marx with fake cigars .
a man and a woman dress up .
A man and a woman wear funny masks and pretend to smoke large , fake cigars .
A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises .
A person does a trick in the air on a skateboard .
A snowboarder is leaping a mogul .
There are two people on a ski run and one is high in the air making a jump .
There are two snowboarders , one , who is dressed in white , is doing a trick .
Three people are in the snow .
A man wearing a green jacket and hat is snowboarding .
A person in a green coat is snowboarding .
A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air .
A snowboarder jumps off of a jump .
a snowboarder jumps on the snow .
A cricket player is bowling the ball as the batsman is getting ready to run .
A man winds up for pitching a cricket ball in a professional cricket game .
The two men are playing cricket in a stadium .
Two guys dressed in white play Cricket .
Two men with cricket equipment play on the field with an audience behind them .
A group of boys playing soccer in a muddy wet field .
There are 2 shirtless boys jumping up from some water looking at a soccer ball .
Two boys are playing soccer in a muddy marsh
two boys play soccer in the rain .
Two young boys playing with a soccer ball in a pond in the middle of a grassy field .
A person in the distance is windsurfing on a day with a clear blue sky .
A person is hang gliding in the ocean .
A person parasailing on a wave .
A person surfs on a craft with a sail .
Someone is parasailing on a blue and yellow parasail .
A downhill skier races near trees .
A person skis down a snowy and tree-filled hill .
A person skis down a forested hill .
A person skis through a forest of tall trees .
A skier is riding skis along a tree lined trail .
A brown and white pitbull , with a black collar , is about to leap over a branch
A brown dog climbs over a fallen branch in a wooded area .
A brown dog hops over a fallen tree branch .
A brown dog is jumping over a tree limb in a wooded area .
Brown dog with white mark in chest and black collar going over a limb on ground .
A city worker with the bright yellow vest is looking intot he crowd of people on the side of a busy street .
A security person in lime green monitors the busy city streets .
A woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by .
A woman with a yellow jacket and matching hat watching as people walk by her .
Person in neon green jacket and hat standing on sidewalk while people walk by
A boy dressed in a yellow and black snowsuit plays with a brown dog wearing a red collar .
A boy in a yellow and black coat playing with brown dog .
a dog pulling down yellow pants on a little boy in the snow
A young child and a dog are playing in the snow .
The boy and a brown dog are standing in the snow .
A driver with a white helmet is sitting in a yellow race car .
a man sitting inside some sort of yellow vehicle
a person in a white helmet strapped into a yellow car
A person with helmet is sitting inside a yellow vehicle .
Bird 's eye view of a driver in his car
A man and two ladies looking faded as they hold bottles of beer in their hands .
A man in a red shirt and two women hold beer
Bald man , two women with beers , posing at event .
Man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles .
Three people holding beers and posing for a picture .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave soaring through midair with his arms raised .
A man in a dark wetsuit is caught by a wave .
A man is jumping into the surf .
A surfer catches a big wave and catches himself in the middle of a fall .
Man in action over a wave
A bald man is posing with two smiling girls .
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .
A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles .
A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them .
Two women and a man posing for a photograph .
Four people are posing outside .
Four people posing for a picture
Four people , two women in the front and a man and woman in the back , pose at night .
One man and three women pose for the camera .
Three women and one man are posing for a picture .
a girl carrying a yellow bag is looking at pictures in a photo gallery .
A girl looking at some pictures on a wall .
a lady looks at the art on the wall .
A woman is looking at a group of photographs .
The young woman with the large white bag is looking at pictures in an art gallery .
A large group of asian people are eating at a restaurant .
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue .
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant .
Many people sitting at many tables .
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights .
A person skiing downhill in the snow .
A skier puffs up a cloud of snow .
A skier traveling downhill in deep snow .
Someone is skiing down a step snowy hill .
The skier is buried in the snow .
A man in a white hat is standing behind a woman with a red shawl over her head .
A man with a white hat and brown shirt , behind a woman in red , looks to the left .
A man with a white hat and plaid shirt behind a woman with a red headdress .
An Arabic man in a white hat .
The man with the white head piece looks left down the street .
A woman concentrates on the device in her hand in the midst of a crowded establishment all lit in purple .
Inside a bar there are people with red shirts .
many people line up , and a woman texts .
People are waiting in a line of a dimly lit restaurant with purple light .
People stand in line at a place with purple lighting .
One dog is jumping up at another dog by a fence on a snowy day .
Two blond dogs sniff one another .
Two dogs in snow .
Two dogs play in the snow
Two tan dogs play in the snow .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
Two large black dogs , one small black dog , and one large white dog are standing in some snow .
Two blond dogs are fighting on a frosty lawn .
Two large white dogs are fighting in the grass .
two white dogs fighting with each other
Two white dogs play together on a slightly snowy patch of green grass .
Two white long haired dogs play roughly with each other in tall grass with snow .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass with its mouth wide open .
A black and white dog looks at the camera with an open mouth .
A black and white dog , on a green field , barking at the camera .
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open .
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open .
A boy playing in a mud puddle .
A young shirtless boy in kakhi pants is kneeling in a marsh while someone splashes nearby .
Boy laughs while playing in mud puddle .
Boys splash in the muddy puddle in the grass .
Two boys playing and splashing around in muddy water .
A group of dogs run through the snowy field .
Four dogs happily running in snow .
Four dogs running in the snow
Four dogs running over snow covered grass .
Several different colored dogs running in a snowy field
a basketball player wearing a red and white jersey while running down the court .
A dark skinned man in a white sports outfit plays basketball .
A man dribbles a ball during a basketball game .
An SMU basketball player playing basketball .
The SMU basketball player drives to the basket .
A boy on a red snowboard is airborne .
A man in a yellow coat jumps his snowboard off a rail .
A person in the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder doing a jump off of a ledge .
A snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night .
a couple standing outside in the dark near some festive lights .
Beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night .
Two men meet by a fountain engulfed in lights , they are wearing Winter coats .
Two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night .
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue .
A person is holding a baby in yellow .
a slightly older picture of a mother and her newborn sitting next to the rotary dial phone
A woman holds a baby while lying on a couch
A woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph .
Woman holding baby covered with yellow blanket
A dog jumping up for a ball held by a woman in black skirt , beige vest and blue shirt
A dog jumps up to take something from a woman 's hand .
A woman holding a ball and a dog
A woman holds a ball while a dog leaps for it .
The woman places a ball into the jumping dog 's mouth .
A flag is carried .
A red , white , black and green flag .
The flag of a country is being held in a crowd
There is a hand in front of a red , green , white , and black flag .
There is a picture of a green , white , black , and red flag .
A dog is playing in the deep snow .
A dog running through deep snow pack .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
A white dog is running through the snow .
White dog running through snow
a crowd of people are at a fair in front of booth where giant teddy bears can be won .
A picture of a crowd of people and hanging teddy bears at a stand .
Large stuffed bears hang above a carnival game .
Many people are crowded around a game table with toy bears hanging over it .
People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes .
a lot of people playing games at an arcade
A man in blue at an arcade is playing a fishing game .
A man is trying to fish for a prize in a fairground game .
An asian man is fishing in an arcade game .
The family attempts to get a prize at the carnival .
A bird is flying through the air .
A blue heron flying .
A gray egret takes flight .
A large bird is in mid flight .
A pelican flies through the air in front of trees .
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill .
A man is sledding on an orange slide .
a man riding a red sled going fast down a snowy hill
An adult kicks up a cloud of snow on an orange sled .
A sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope .
One lady is drinking something while the other is preoccupied .
The brown hair woman in the blue fleece sits beside a white hair woman .
Two women eating , one elderly and one middle-aged .
Two women , one looking down , the other drinking .
Two women , the younger one is looking down , the older is drinking .
A group of boys is sitting in a large mud puddle in a grassy field .
A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass .
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream .
Four boys play in the mud .
Four boys sit in the mud .
a man walks through an arcade .
Many people in warm clothing crowd around carnival games indoors .
Many people playing colorful carnival games .
This marketplace is very busy .
Young people in a busy arcade
A dart throwing game to bust the balloons for prizes .
A small child is holding a stuffed animal at an amusement park game booth with balloons .
people are playing a carnival game trying to pop balloons
People gather in front of a balloon game .
People standing at carnival game of balloons and stuffed animals on wall .
A man in a red coat stands outside of a store near a big column .
A man in a red jacket and jeans stands next to a column in front of a store .
A man standing near a street corner .
A man wearing a red coat stands on the corner near a building .
Two people are standing outside a store on a city street .
Boys with bottles pose in shopping carts in urban area .
Four guys are sitting in shopping carts on a city roof top
Four young males pose on shopping carts .
Several teenage boys are sitting in grocery carts in a parking lot .
Teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop .
A man in black swimming gear parasails .
A man windsurfing
A man windsurfs with a group of other windsurfers .
The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail .
The man is on a ski boat in the water .
A boy in a sports uniform chasing a soccer ball
A boy preparing to kick a ball , wearing a blue uniform .
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
Boy in a blue uniform playing soccer .
A border collie is outside jumping over an obstacle .
A collie jumping over a white obstacle .
A collie jumps a hurdle
a collie jumps over a white agility jump
A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass .
A person snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A snowboarder is coming down a hill .
Person snowboarding down a snow covered slope .
Someone is snowboarding down a hill , shredding snow .
The man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A boy and girl , both in jeans , are standing in front of a fence .
A girl in gray and a guy in stripes pose against a fence .
A man and woman stand next two each other , in front of a wood fence .
Smiling woman with man in striped sweatshir in the park .
two people posing for the picture with a few trees in the background
A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him .
A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform makes a defensive move .
Basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal .
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
People seen through the window of a bus .
There are three women on a bus .
Three people riding in a blue bus at night .
Three women are minding their own business on a bus in the city .
Three women sit on the subway ; one talks on the phone while the others read .
Two boys are walking up the beach with a bunch of ducks behind them .
Two children walking up a hill away from ducks on a lake .
Two little boys running from a lake with ducks
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water .
Two young boys run on the beach with ducks behind them in the pond .
A girl in jeans sitting on a white couch and smiling .
A girl is sitting on a couch with a keyboard in her lap .
A girl sits on a white couch next to a boy in a gray shirt .
A smiling woman sits on a white couch .
The girl is sitting on a white couch with a boy nearby .
A bicyclist doing a trick on a ramp .
A cyclist is performing a jump on a graffiti covered ramp .
a large graffitied skateboarding ramp with a couple people in the background
Person in the midst of a ramp jump .
The boy is performing a trick off a ramp with a skateboard .
A group of adults gather for a picture in front of a brick house .
A group of people are posing for a picture .
a large group of people posing together outside of a house .
A large group portrate outside of a small office building .
A medium sized group of people pose in front of the camera .
A girl in colorful clothes on the beach
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan .
A girl with colorful clothes is holding colorful scarfs .
A young woman carries a lot of colorful scarves on the beach .
Woman walking on the beach selling woven items .
A person snowboarding in the late afternoon sun .
A snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow .
The snowboarder flew through the air while the sun sets on the horizon .
The snowboarder jumps off a snow covered hill .
A boy in speedos , wading through a lake .
a boy walks through the water .
A young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby .
Boy heads into water , big tents and hills in background , in rural area .
While some people look in the barn , others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach .
Two babies are sitting in a play mat .
two babies playing inside of a colorful padded enclosure .
Two children sit inside a play area .
Two toddlers are sitting in a colorful playpen .
Two toddlers are sitting in a plastic playpen with a blue floor .
A bicyclist is in the air over a ramp .
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp .
A bike rider on a ramp .
A boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down .
A guy on a bike goes vertical near a ramp with a grassy , hilly terrain behind him .
a wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground .
Two men engage in a professional wrestling match .
two men in a fight in a ring
Two men in midair fighting in a professional wrestling ring .
Two wrestlers jump in a ring while an official watches .
A homeless man living on the street
A man covered with a blanket is asleep on the sidewalk .
A man sleeps under a blanket on a city street .
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .
The man is sleeping under a blanket in the street as the crowds pass by .
A man wearing goggles snowboards on a half pipe .
A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow .
Person snowboarding at a ski slope .
The snowboarder in the blue pants is performing a trick .
The snowboarder is wearing a dark top , blue pants and a helmet with goggles .
Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen .
Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area .
two toddlers play together .
Two toddles play in a colorful padded play area .
Two young children are playing with toys .
A woman in shadow looks at the camera while the one in the sun looks at a book .
Girl stands reading a notebook .
Two girls stand up against a red wall .
Two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book .
Two young women wearing black head scarves and colorful skirts stand near a red door .
A bearded man is riding a bicycle on the beach .
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean .
an older man with long grey hair and a long grey beard bike riding on the shore .
A white-bearded man rides a bicycle on the beach .
Gentleman with long grey hair and a beard riding bicycle on the beach .
A basketball player in the air about to make a shot .
A basketball player jumps up with the ball as two others watch .
A school basketball game is in progress .
Basketball player from Eastern goes between two defenders for a shot .
Men playing a basketball game .
A giant billboard of a man 's abs
Pedestrians walk in front of an advertisement depicting a shirtless man in jeans .
people pass by a huge black and white poster of a male model unzipping his jeans .
People walk by a large advertisement of partially naked man .
Some people walk past a large billboard .
A bicycle rider jumps off a ramp .
A bmx rider performs a stunt beside a graffiti covered wall .
A man in dark clothing on a bicycle in midair near a stunt ramp with graffiti behind him .
A person on a bike is midair , twisting his body around the handlebars , with graffiti behind him .
The person is on a bike .
A man in racing gear turns a corner on his green motorcycle .
A man on a green motorcycle speeding up the road .
A motorcyclist speeding along a road on a green Kawasaki sport motorcycle .
A person driving a green motorcycle
The helmeted man rides a green Kawasaki .
A man and a boy sitting with their back to a stone wall , the man paying a flute .
A man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall .
A man holding a flute and a boy sit on a street against a red wall .
Man and young child sitting on the ground in front of red rock wall .
The man and boy sit on the ground , next to a rocky wall .
The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market .
The two people have their heads covered with scarves .
two woman wearing different colored scarfs over their hair outside .
Two women with head garb looking at each other in a public area .
Woman with red headwrap at a market with a woman with a brown headwrap .
A man is about to fall off his surfboard in a wave .
A man surfs , the sun behind him , his face in shadow .
A woman on a surfboard in front of a wave of green water
Someone is surfing a giant wave .
The boy is surfing .
A dog sits on a red blanket with a man in a dark hoodie .
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it .
Big brown and white spotted dog laying on a jacket on the street .
THe dog takes a rest in the park .
The mouse is sitting on the dog that is in turn sitting on a coat in front of the man wearing the black top .
A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean .
a brown dog is running in the ocean whilst carrying an orange object in its mouth .
A dog is running out of the ocean with an orange floating toy in its mouth .
A dog running through the water with a toy at the beach .
A well-muscled dog retrieves an orange toy from the surf .
two girls hold up a card reading " know what this is " ?
Two kids smiling and holding a card .
Two people pose for a picure holding a card that says " know what this is ? "
Two people smile at the camera while holding a sign .
Two teenage girls hold a card referring to periods as they smile .
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .
Two Muslim woman wearing their head scarves and frowning faces .
Two women are wearing lavender scarves an their heads .
Two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer .
Two women in head wraps .
A girl is touching a man 's ear in front of a tree while another man leans in .
a girl touches the side of a young man 's head , while another young man watches .
A young woman touching a young man 's cheek while a friend looks on
Girl touches young man 's face as young man in pink shirt observes , leafy background .
Three people are near a tree and the woman touches one of the men 's faces .
A woman in a blue shirt runs through a field of dry grass .
A woman in the blue sweater is running through a brown field .
a woman jogging on an open field
A woman runs outside in a blue coat .
The woman in the blue jacket ran through the field .
A girls soccer game with one team in pink , the other in light blue .
Girls playing soccer in pink versus blue teams uniforms .
Girls play soccer .
Girls wearing pink and blue uniforms are playing a soccer game .
The girls on the pink team and the blue team play a game of soccer .
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards .
A girl bending backwards holding her hat .
A person bending backwards .
A person in a blue sweatshirt is doing a back bend .
A woman in blue bends over backwards on the street .
A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean .
A little girl runs across the wet beach .
A little girl runs on the wet sand near the ocean .
A young girl runs across a wet beach with the ocean in the background .
Child running on the beach .
A bike rider jumping the hill on his bicycle .
A man leaving the ground on a bicycle .
A man wearing a blue shirt and matching helmet is jumping his bike over a hill .
a mountain biker riding on a hillside wearing a helmet .
One person jumping his bike towards the camera while another one in the background is walking his bike away from the camera .
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill .
A child in a blue jacket going down a hill on a sled .
A kid riding a red sled down a snowy hill .
A little kid in blue is sledding down a snowy hill .
A young child is sledding down a snowy hill on a red sled .
A black and white dog catching a tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog stands in a field with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog with a ball in a grassy field .
A dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside .
The black and white dog catches the tennis ball in his mouth .
Four men wearing plaid sit on chairs .
Four men who look alike sit in chairs , while two of them drink from glasses .
Four of the same man in the same room .
There is 4 pictures of the same guy and he has a crown on in 3 of them .
Three men with matching shirts , pants and hats and a man in robe are in a room .
A man displays a photograph .
a man holding up a picture of two people suffering
A man is holding up a small poster with two people in it .
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture .
A man is walking down the street holding up a picture .
A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball .
A women 's sports squad performs some tricks , including lifting members high and tossing a ball .
Team members being lifted up high to catch a flying ball .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
Woman being lifted by other women play volleyball .
A man and a woman in a silver coat are on a city sidewalk with their backs to the camera .
A woman walks with another person at night .
Couple waiting on sidewalk .
People are outside at night .
Two people outside looking to get a paper .
A boy surrounded by pigeons
A little boy is surrounded by many pigeons .
A little boy wearing a blue hat and coat is standing amongst the pigeons on the street .
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .
The little child in the blue cap is amidst the pigeons .
A bearded man holding a sign .
A homeless man carries a sign that says " hungry " .
a homeless person asking for help
A man in a black hoodie holding a small sign .
A man in a black hoodie is holding a paper sign .
A woman looks at a book in a bookstore while holding a baby .
A woman wearing a black shirt browses through a book at a store .
A woman with a baby browses in a bookstore .
A woman with a baby looks through a book display .
Woman holding a baby shopping for books
A group of friends are laughing and playing the wii on a red couch .
A group of laughing people on a red couch .
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
Four people laughing and sitting on a couch .
People sitting on a couch laugh .
A brown and white dog with a black collar and gold tag licking the snow from its nose .
A dog licking its lips while snow falls .
A shaggy dog dusted with snow licks its nose .
A white and brown dog licks his lips during winter .
The brown and white dog licks the snow off of his cold nose .
A person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it .
A woman in black is throwing a stick for a brown dog to run after .
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .
A woman playing with a shaggy dog
A woman plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .
a boy on skateboard is making a jump from a blue bench beside a white wall .
A boy skateboarding in an urban area
A skateboarder midair with his skateboard .
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
The boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence .
A man dives into a clear blue lake .
A man in black bathing trunks dives into water .
A man in black shorts is diving into a rocky pool .
A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
A person is diving into clear blue water .
A large white bird pulling a fish out of the water .
A seagull lands on the water .
A white bird has something in its beak at it lands on the water .
Two large seagulls are in the water .
Two seagulls on water , foreground bird has object held in beak .
a child in a blue shirt exits is being deposited from a slide onto a sand in front of palm trees .
A kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand .
A small child coming out of a covered slide .
A young blonde child shoots from a slide at high speed .
A young boy about to land in the sand from a trip down a beige slide .
A man and a woman in a apron stand near a fireplace and Christmas tree .
A man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree .
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought .
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree .
A young couple thinking about their Christmas decorations .
A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .
A boxer leaps in the snow .
A brown and white dog wearing a red collar is standing in the snow .
A dog above snow .
Large dog out in the snow .
A man and a girl walking on the beach , orange sunset behind .
A man and girl are walking barefoot on the beach at sunset .
A man and girl walk along the beach at sunset .
Man and woman walk on beach with a gorgeous sunset behind them .
There is a couple walking out the beach at dusk .
A brown dog barks surrounded by white snow .
a dog wearing a black collar is standing open mouthed in the snow .
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
dog barking
Dog standing in snow barking .
One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it .
Two birds are fighting each other in tall grass .
Two birds are standing in a wooded area .
Two birds interacting in the grass
Two colorful birds facing each other .
A dog jumps over twigs in the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field .
A white dog bounding through snow
a white dog with brown and black markings frolics in snow .
A bird splashing around in a stream .
A bird splashing in a puddle
A duck is splashing in a puddle of water .
Black and white bird with orange beak in water with rocks around .
The bird is bathing in the puddle that is surrounded by rocks .
Four children jumping on the shore .
Four girls are jumping next to each other on the sand shore of a large body of water .
Four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean .
Four girls jump in the sand at the beach .
Four girls jump up while holding hands at the beach .
A crowd gathers behind an older man .
A man is posing for the camera in front of a group of people .
An old man in a brown shirt stands while a crowd looks on .
Man in brown shirt and beard is being watched by a group of people on the street .
Man in brown shirt on sunny street , a crowd in background
One child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees .
Three children are shown in the snow .
Three children playing in snow .
Three kids are walking down a steep , snow-covered hill .
Three little boys play in a large snow covered field
A man holding up a sign , surrounded by a lot of people .
A man holding up a sign with a crowd in the background .
a man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally
A man in a crowd holds a sign that says " Those who blame Israel are hypocrites . "
A man with a black coat carrying a pro Israel protest sign .
A crowd at an outdoor event .
A crowd is gathering on a grassy plain .
A smaller art festival on the edge of a forest
children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival .
People mingling at colorful fair .
A man standing on a small metal structure on a snow-covered night .
A snowboarder performs a trick on a ledge , with pristine snowscapes surrounding him .
a young man jumping on a red railing
Snowboarder balances on low , wooden structure in snow .
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach .
A dog jumping over a puddle on the beach
A dog jumping over a stream of water .
A grey and white dog jumping over standing water in the sand .
A small dog leaps over a stream .
A group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned .
A group of guys who appear to be a band stand inside the dark graffiti-covered and rock-strewn building .
Five men are standing in a dark room , where there is debris and graffiti on the ground and walls .
Five men are standing in a dark room with graffiti on the walls .
Four young people are standing in a run down alleyway posing for a picture .
A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars .
A boy with a blue helmet plays on his bicycle .
A little boy with a blue helmet rides his bike with his feet on the handlebars .
Boy in blue helmet riding bike with feet on handlebars .
Boy with a helmet resting his feet on the handlebars of his bike .
A dog is jumping up at a man wearing a search and rescue jacket .
A large , black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man .
A man in a uniform playing with a black dog .
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .
Man in blue padded suit training a black dog for search and rescue in a field .
A brown dog is about to catch a treat .
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
A dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth .
A dog opens its mouth to catch a treat
The dog is catching a treat .
A boy in a red shirt stands on a mountain .
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill .
A little boy in red stands on top of a rock with a smile and outstretched arms .
A little child is wearing a red shirt and a beanie and is standing on some jagged rocks .
Little boy standing on some rocks .
A cheerleader thrown into the air
A group of cheerleaders are lifting up two other cheerleaders above their heads .
Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid , girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer .
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads .
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain .
A blond boy wipes his nose on his light blue shirt .
a blond boy wiping his nose on his blue shirt
A little boy wipes his nose with his blue shirt .
Blond boy wiping his face with his blue shirt .
The small boy is using his blue shirt to wipe his face , exposing his belly .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs jump , run and play in the snowy landscape .
Three dogs racing down a snowy path together .
Three dogs running in the snow .
A black dog lies on the floor while a brown dog stands behind him .
A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio .
A tiger striped pitbull jumps over a black and brown dog .
one dog lying down while another jumps over him
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back .
A bunch of men playing rugby
A group of men running in a field .
A rugby player runs with the ball whilst being supported by a line of backs .
A soccer player advances with the ball on a sunny day .
Rugby players running with trees and spectators in the background .
A brown dog is flying through the air .
A brown dog is jumping in the air .
a brown dog jumping through the air in a grassy yard .
A large tan dog jumps in the air over the grass in a fenced yard .
A red dog , jumping in midair , on a grassy backyard , shot from behind .
The black dog on the right is dominant over the other two dogs .
Three dogs are running around in the snow .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs playing in the deep snow outside .
Three large dogs run around in white snow .
a wrestler celebrating his victory
A wrestler crouches in pain while his opponent walks in the opposite direction .
A wrestler in purple curls up in a ball while one in blue celebrates .
A wrestling match just ended and the loser is upset .
One wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on .
A big dog carries a stick across a frozen pond .
A black and brown dog walks on the frozen surface of a pond , holding a stick .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond .
A brown dog walking on a frozen lake carrying a stick .
The big dog is carrying an object is its mouth .
A boy is jumping a rail on his bicycle .
A boy on a bike is jumping over a metal rail in a playground .
a cyclist is performing a jump over a white railing .
A man rides his bike over a stair handrail .
Young man on bike jumping over outdoor playground equipment .
Two girls are dressed up and sitting on a bed laughing .
Two girls dressed to party sit on a bed laughing .
Two woman in dresses smiling at the camera .
Two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses .
Two young women sit on the edge of the bed all dressed up .
A girl dumps a bucket of water on another girl .
A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool .
In pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl .
One girl throws water on another in a pool .
The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water .
A family of nine people , including four children , pose in front of a brick fireplace with a white mantle .
A family poses in front of the fireplace and Christmas tree .
A family posing by the mantle and christmas tree .
A happy family poses by the fireplace .
Two couples and four kids pose for a family picture .
A dog running through the snow with what appears to be a chunk of wood in its mouth .
A white dog carries something in its mouth through the snow .
A white dog in the snow running with an object in its mouth
A white dog runs over a snowy field or lawn , with a log in his jaws .
A white dog with a purple necklace on plays in the snow .
A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
A woman singing and playing the acoustic guitar onstage .
A woman sings into a microphone while playing guitar .
A young brown haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone .
A young woman plays guitar and sings on a stage .
The two dogs in striped sweaters are outside in the snow with a red toy in front of them .
Two dogs in striped sweaters fight in the snow .
Two dogs in striped sweaters play in the snow .
Two dogs in sweaters play in the snow .
Two dogs wearing striped sweaters wrestle on the snowy grass .
A couple in bathing suits walk on a beach .
A man and woman in black and white swimsuits and sunglasses are next to the ocean .
A man in a Speedo and a blond woman in a black and white bikini walk on a crowded beach .
A man in a Speedo and a woman in a bikini standing on the beach
A muscular man in a Speedo and a curvy blond in a bikini walk together at the beach .
A person holding a net is standing in the water .
A person is standing in shallow water with a fishing net as the sun goes down .
A person is walking in the water with a net .
Girl holding a net and walking in a lake at sunset
Person wading in the lake with a fishing net at sunset .
A child pushes its face up towards a window of a playground .
A girl cringes when drops of water come her way .
Girls squints , presses against oval hole in wet , colorful structure .
One boy who has a funny expression on his face has his hands up by his head and is looking through a hole .
Water is spraying on the child with its face through a cut out hole .
A girl in a purple shirt holds a pillow .
A girl in a purple shirt is has pulled someone else 's white shirt over their head .
a girl smiling and raising her left arm
A woman is tugging on a white sheet and laughing
Girl in pink shirt and blue flowered shorts swinging a pillow .
A man is using a chainsaw on a statue .
A man weilding a chainsaw carves a log into a Gnome .
A man with a chainsaw is carving wood into a statue of a man .
The fellow with the chainsaw and brown coveralls is carving a statue with a chainsaw .
The man is carving a Santa out of wood .
A man is on top of a ridge looking at a small stone tower .
A man looking at a rock formation .
A man puts his hand to his head on a rock wall .
A person screening their eyes standing beside a tower of flat stone .
A person stands next to a rock monument with his hand near his head .
A hiker is sitting on the ground looking towards the snow covered mountains .
A man is sitting on top of a mountain .
A person sits near a mountain .
one person wearing a backpack sitting on the side of a rocky mountain .
Someone is sitting on a hill overlooking a rocky mountain .
A person on a snowboard crosses a makeshift wooden bridge .
A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow .
A snowboarder is leaping of a wooden platform .
A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap .
The snowboarder does a board slide over a wooden obstacle .
A man in a blue jacket is changing the performance information board of a theater .
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign .
A man putting up letters on a sign with a long pole in front of a store .
A person in a blue sweatshirt replaces letters in a theater marquee using a long pole .
A theater worker changes the marquee outside a community theater .
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .
Two brown dogs stand in the surf and play with a small blue ball .
Two dogs are competing for an object in one 's mouth nearby a beach .
two dogs by water fighting over blue ball
Two tan dogs share a blue ball while standing on a beach .
A man and a woman sitting on camp chairs and laughing .
A man and a woman smile as they sit in yellow lawn chairs .
A man and a woman sit in lawn chairs and laugh .
A man with a beard and a woman in a red shirt sitting in lawn chairs in front of tents .
A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her .
A blonde woman and bald man sitting together .
A couple sitting in front of a computer screen .
A man and a woman wear dark colored shirts in a beige room with a moniter in the background .
A woman watches a man recieving a gift .
Woman looking curiously at a man .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift .
a snowboarder jumping in the air with a person riding a ski lift in the background
One person is on a ski lift while another snowboards .
People on a ski lift .
snowboarders sit on a chairlift .
A laughing woman in a scarf .
A woman in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .
A woman wearing a black scarf makes a face as a dog tries to lick her .
Woman in black scarf being licked by a black dog .
Woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog .
A mother is holding a child .
An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance .
A woman in a headdress is holding a little boy wearing blue .
A woman in a scarf looks sideways at the camera and holds a small child .
A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
A girl wearing white polka dots and black boots walks and a woman in a blue outfit hurridly walks behind her .
A hip young woman down the street with a woman in a kimono walks behind her .
A woman in boots with a big purse walks down the street followed by a woman in blue .
a woman walks with her big purse .
Women walk down the street .
a man with a damaged eye stands with a child and a woman .
A man , woman , and child .
A man , woman and little boy pose for a picture in front of an outside door .
Man with injured eye and woman holding child pose outside of building .
Two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling .
A bicyclist performing a trick in midair .
A biker is doing an aerial trick on his bike .
A guy does a trick in the air .
A man wearing a helmet is doing a stunt with his BMX bike .
The man wearing a red shirt is performing an aerial stunt on a bicycle .
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow .
a golden dog is running along a tire track that has been carved out in the snow .
A young dog walking through the snow in a tire track .
Golden retriever puppy walking through snow .
The dog is walking in the snow .
A man and a toddler look at advertisements .
A man and child in front of a billboard
A man in a black coat and hat and a child with a red snowsuit and Pooh backpacker read advertisements near a McDonalds .
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign .
There is a man with a young child in a red outfit looking at advertisements .
A close-up picture of a man and a woman .
A cute couple at a club
A guy with a toboggan and a girl pose for the camera .
A man and a woman stand close together .
A man and woman pose for a picture together .
A girl gets off her sled in the snow .
A lady sits down with her belongings in the snow .
A person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow .
A person sleds on the snow at night .
The girl in the pink hat is dragging a sled through the snow .
A bearded man with glasses does a toe-touch .
A man jumping into the air
A man jumps into the air .
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side .
A man wearing suspenders performs a split in midair .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
Two brown dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow .
A masked man helps burn a flag .
I man with a covered face burning an israei flag in front of a crowd .
Men burn an Israeli flag .
Some middle eastern people have set an Israeli flag on fire .
The man is wearing a red shirt and red flannel handkerchief while watching a flag burn .
A group of people are lounging at a beach .
A group of sunbathers gather near some kayaks at the beach .
People sun on the beach next to boats .
Several beachgoers are reclining near upside-down boats .
Several people play and relax on the beach .
a dirt biker performs a trick in midair ,
A driver gets high in the air with his motorbike .
A motocross racer does a trick in midair .
Man performing stunts with his motorcycle .
The man is hanging off the back of the motocross bike as it is jumping through the air .
A black dog and small white and black dog look up at a kitchen countertop .
A large dog and a small dog stand next to the kitchen counter to investigate .
a small black and white dog standing next to a large black dog both looking up onto a counter .
Dogs ignore plate of food on floor , look up at kitchen counter .
The dogs are begging at the kitchen counter .
A few sledders are chased by a dog .
A group of people go sledding on a snowy hill and a dog chases one as he slides .
Children sled and a dog plays on a snowy hill .
Four people and a dog play in the snow .
Four people in various stage of sledding on a snowy hill , while a dog playfully chases one of them .
a bride being escorted under an umbrella to a large black car
a bride takes cover under an umbrella .
A newly wed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor .
An older newly wed couple stand under an umbrella in the rain .
Newlyweds stand outside in the train .
A man surfs on a huge green wave .
A surfer dressed in black catches a huge wave and starts riding on the descent .
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
A surfer is riding a wave that is beginning to tube .
Surfer riding down a curling wave .
A lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow .
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .
A woman attending the boots of another in the snow .
A woman fixes someone 's shoes .
Skier on a snowy hill has his boots check by a red-vested man
Two men are wrestling in a competition .
Two men are wrestling while other people are watching
Two men wrestle on the floor in front of an group of young men .
Two men wrestling at a match .
Two young men competing in a wrestling tournament .
A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing .
A man in a red hat and blue jacket in a protest is holding up a tablet that talks about God and judgement .
A man with a blue coat and a red hat is holding up a sign .
Man in a blue coat holding a sign .
Men standing with signs on the sidewalk .
A brown dog laying on a green cushion .
A brown dog rests on a green cushion .
A brown dog sleeps on a green pillow .
A dog laying down on a green cushion .
A large brown dog is lying in the sun on a big , green dog bed .
A girl sits on an ad and checks her phone ; another girl waits .
A girl with ice skate sits on a fence checking her cellphone while her friend looks on .
Two girls are ice skating and one is checking her cellphone .
Two girls talk at an ice skating rink .
Two girls stand outdoors and talk to one another .
A group of people gather with only their legs showing and one of them is holding a cigarette .
a man holds a cigarette .
Hands and feet of several people holding cigarettes .
No faces are shown in this picutre of jeans and sweatshirts .
The legs and lower bodies of people sitting and smoking .
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
A dog is walking along a snowy surface .
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow .
The dog walking through the snow is licking his nose .
A boatful of rafters get wet .
A group of men in a blue raft doing whitewater rafting .
A group of people are in a large raft on choppy water .
A group of people go down the rapids in a blue and yellow raft .
Rafters in a blue raft battle the river-rapids
A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter .
A crowd of people ice skating outside in winter .
A large crowd of people ice skating .
A large crowd of people ice skating outdoors .
A lot of people iceskate on a cold day .
An Asian girl performs a routine with two red flags in a square .
a person waving long red flags
A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square .
Lady waving two long red streamers around
Two people work with long ribbons in a Chinese courtyard .
A dog is running across a desert with bushes around him .
A dog running across the sand
A dog running up a sandy hill
A little brown dog is running fast on a sand dune during the day .
Small , hairy dog running in the sand .
A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow .
A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow .
A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs .
A man rides a sled pulled by a team of dogs .
four husky dogs are pulling a sled in a race through the snow guided by a man wearing number eleven .
A black dog bites a tan dog while standing near the patio door .
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
Black Labrador biting a brown dogs neck .
The black dog is biting the ear of the yellow dog .
The black dog playfully bites the yellow dog near the furniture .
A man power washes some steps beside a swimming pool .
A man power washes steps by a large swimming pool .
A person cleaning some steps by a pool .
A person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
Man holding equipment near steps poolside with a white building in background .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water .
A child with water splashing on him .
A little boy being splashed by water on his head
little kid in red pooh shirt getting wet
The little boy in red is getting drenched with water .
A person jogging on a sidewalk .
A person jogs down a paved surface in a rural setting .
A person running down the road
A person wearing jeans and a coat jogs on a sidewalk .
A woman in a long sweater and jeans , is running away , down a path .
A group of musicians with instruments .
A group of young people busk on a street corner .
Four musicians performing on the street .
Musicians perform outdoors .
Musicians play near a concrete wall .
men in suits and ties walking downsteps
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Five men in suits .
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
An asian woman holding an asian baby that is reaching toward the camera .
An oriental girl is holding a baby in her arms .
A smiling Asian woman holding her baby
A smiling woman dressed in white holding a baby who is reaching his hand out .
The woman is holding a child and posing for a picture .
A bride , a groom , 3 guys , and 3 women .
A bride and groom are the center of this picture , with three bridesmaids in red dresses to the left and groomsmen to the right .
A couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party .
A formal wedding party poses smiling for a wedding photo in a church .
The wedding party is posing for a picture in front of the church alter .
A guy skateboarding .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
A skateboarder performs a stunt .
A young man is jumping in the air with his skateboard .
Skateboard rider jumping high in the air on skateboard .
A main in a black and white shirt is skiing with red flags to the right .
A skier is in the snow next to a red flag .
A skier slaloms by a red flag .
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag .
Person skiing on white snow near a red flag .
A man in a blue jacket with a helmet on skiing .
A person skiing down a hill .
A skier is coming down a hill .
A skier wearing a blue jacket and helmet is skiing down a hill .
A skier going goes down the mountain .
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends .
Two men carry long objects on the sand .
Two people are twirling fire sticks whilst standing on the sand .
Two people juggle fire sticks in the mud .
Two people stand out on the beach and hold long sticks that have flames on each end .
A man draws characters with his feel on the street .
a man paints chinese characters .
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet .
A person paints Asian characters on a banner .
A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner .
A child playing in snow .
A little girl sitting in the snow
A small girl sits in the snow with a pink nose .
A toddler in heavy clothing sitting in the snow .
A young girl is sitting in the snow with a pink fur hood on her head .
A group of young people smile for the camera .
Several people are hugging each other inside a bar .
some people at a part gather to take a picture
Two guys pose with two women , everyone is wearing black and white .
Two women of African descent , a dark skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph .
A crane lifts into the air above the water .
A long necked white bird is floating above the water .
A white bird is flying over the surface of the water .
A white crane landing in the water .
White , long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water .
A boy and girl are jumping rope together while another girl is holding the rope and turning .
Three children playing jump rope in the grass among the trees .
Three people playing jump rope in a field .
Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope
Two people are jumping rope outside .
people stand side by side shooting off Roman Candles
People in a line holding lit roman candles .
People play with pyrotechnics .
Several men holding flares .
Some young men and women shoot fireworks out of their hands .
a brown and white dog standing on the street wearing a hat , shirt and jeans .
A dog is dressed in a shirt and pants on the side of the road .
A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background .
A dog wearing jeans and a shirt stands on the sidewalk .
a dog wears jeans .
A boy jumps in a gymnastic competition .
A male gymnast upside down in midair .
A track athlete does a pole vault .
A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam .
The gymnast does a flip over the bar .
A bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red .
Bride wearing her wedding dress receives help by her bridesmaids wearing red dresses .
Family preparing for the wedding .
The woman getting married has a beautiful gown on while her bride 's maids are wearing red dresses .
Three bridesmaids in red and an older woman in beige are adjusting the bride 's white dress .
A man in a yellow shirt surfing .
A surfer in a yellow shirt is riding a wave that is reflecting sunlight .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
Surfer surfs ahead of a crashing wave
The man is riding a large wave on a surfboard .
A bridal party surrounding a bride sitting on a couch .
A bride is sitting on a tan couch .
A bride seated on a sofa , with her bridal party and family surrounding her .
old picture of wedding .
The brides side of a wedding party .
A man and a woman on a ski lift .
Two people are riding on a ski lift
Two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift .
two skiers look down from the ski lift .
Two skiers , one in pink and one in black , ride on a ski lift .
A man stands atop a mountain with arms extended .
A person on top of a mountain with arms over head .
A person stands at the top of a mountain and raises his arms .
Man on top of a mountain with his arms in the air .
The man is standing on the rocks above the river with his arms in the air .
A man is surfing a big wave on a white surfboard .
A man surfing a crashing wave .
A man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean .
An african american man is jumping off a surfboard in a crashing wave in the ocean .
A surfer is falling of his surfboard in the middle of a crashing wave .
A brown horse with a rider on its back jumps a barrier .
A horse jumps a fence in a show jumping competeition .
A horse leaps a hurdle with a rider on its back .
An equestrian on a horse makes a jump .
Horse and rider leap over a barrier
A bride is being helped to put on her shoes
A bridesmaid wearing a red dress is putting the bride 's shoe on her foot .
A lady holds a bride 's shoe in her hand .
A Woman is about to put a shoe on the bride .
Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe .
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole .
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice .
A person stands in a vast field of melting snow .
A person stands on the peaks of snow and ice .
The person is standing on white ice .
A brown dog jumps over the dead plants in a snowy field .
A brown dog leaps through the snow in a field .
A dog is jumping through the snow over some weeds .
A dog running through the snow .
A German shepherd is running through the snow .
A man jumps high on his yellow skateboard over the concrete tile .
A skateboarder gets airtime .
A skateboarder jumping with his skateboard
Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard .
Skateboarder in black with yellow skateboard in midair .
A man affectionately kissing a woman along a path
A man and woman kiss as they stand along a gravel path .
A man dramatically kissing a woman on a path .
A man romantically kissing a woman on a park path .
The couple have a romantic moment on their walk .
A girl smokes a cigarette outside in the city .
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside .
A woman in a dark blue coat , cigarette in hand .
A woman smoking a cigarette outside in the snow .
The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette .
A crowd shouting outside a building waving American flags .
A group of ladies in the cold cheer with American flags .
People are gathered outside a building and yelling
People standing outside a building yell .
People with american flags gathered on the street .
A girl in a red jacket , surrounded by people .
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink .
A woman in a red coat is smiling , while people in the background are walking around in winter clothing .
A woman wearing a red coat smiles down at the camera .
The woman in a red jacket is smiling at the camera .
A group of men , women and children .
A group of people pose for a picture .
A group of people pose for the camera in front of some laundry and greenery .
Several people lean together for a photograph .
There is a family sitting outside in the shade .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing
A man surfing in a wave
a surfer is riding a wave through green colored ocean water .
A surfer rides a big wave across dark green water .
The surfer is coming in from riding a big wave .
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
A man in black is taking a jump on a snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard jumps high over the snowy hill .
A person with a yellow and black striped snowboard jumps on the snowy hill .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow jump .
A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
A man in a blue jacket lifts a child dressed in red out boat crowded with people
A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
One man passes a child to another man from the boat to shore .
The men are passing a child to each other over the side of the boat .
A small dog leaps across a brown pillow .
a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch .
A small white dog with brown on his face and back is jumping over a cushion .
A white dog with black spots jumps in midair .
White dog high jumping over some pillows .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog jumps to catch a Frisbee in the snow .
Black dog in snow leaps for red object at upper edge of frame .
One black dog is jumping off the snow filled ground .
The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object .
A man boating along a river near the shore .
A man paddling a kayak along the shore of a river .
A person is riding in a canoe on a lake next to green trees .
A person is wading through a river near an eroded embankment .
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
A dark street scene shows a neon lights and a group of people dining while another group walks .
People inside a shop at night while other people walk around outside .
People sit in a lit alcove off a dark street .
Some people in building as seen from the street at night .
There are some people in a restaurant and two men walking by them
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
Looking along a railroad track at people in the distance .
People are walking away from the camera , along railroad tracks .
People near railroad tracks in the woods .
People in a car showroom floor .
Some teenagers watch a screen near some Mini Coopers .
The people are standing around at the auto show .
Two boys looking at display .
Two people watch TV from over a white ledge .
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right .
A guy grinds a windowsill near an old windmill
A guy is grinding on a window ledge in a city .
A person in black is coming out of a window of a tan and red building .
A person skateboarding near a windmill .
A bicyclist becomes airborne among dirt hills at night .
A man jumps his dirt bike at night .
A motocross rider at night high in the air above the dirt .
Someone is performing an aerial skateboard trick at night .
The rider is jumping his BMX bike .
A boy inside a shopping cart .
A boy sits inside a shopping cart .
A child plays inside a shopping cart that has been stacked with others to create a cage .
a young boy tapped in a shopping cart .
A young boy trapped in a shopping cart .
A group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops .
A group of hikers looks at the tops of mountains .
a group of people standing on a hill with the sun in the distance .
Eight people are standing on a hill above the clouds .
Several people are standing on a ledge overlooking snowy mountains .
A crowd of people in front of a memorial in Washington DC .
A crowd of people views newspaper covers in Washington D.C.
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
Large group of people standing outside of a building .
Lots of people gathering in a line .
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
A dog wearing a green sweater and backpack running in the snow
A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field .
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow .
A crowd holds American flags .
A large crowd is standing with many American flags .
lots of people hold american flags .
People waving American flags while in winter clothes .
The bundled-up crowd is waving many American flags .
a boy in a field
A boy in brown is running on a dirt road .
A child walking down a gravel path .
a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass .
A toddler walks along a dirt road .
A huge wave crashes over a man on a surfboard .
A person crouched in the middle of a large wave in the ocean .
A person surfs on a wave as water towers above him .
A surfer catching a wave .
Surfer is in the middle of a huge wave .
A child in a red hat and scarf walking down a snow covered street .
A child in winter clothes is walking along the street .
A child running on a street in snow .
A little kid plays in the snow in a brown jacket and red beanie .
a young child wearing a red hat and scarf playing in the street in a little snow .
A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy .
A dog carrying something blue and running .
A dog running with a blue toy in its mouth .
A dog runs towards the camera with a blue ball in his mouth .
A young German Shepherd runs with a toy in his mouth .
A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches .
Four kids turn around to be photographed .
Little girls ignoring the current adult procession going on
Some children turned backwards while in the audience .
Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater , surrounded by adults watching a conference .
A group of dogs racing .
A number eight racing dog is beating a number four racing dog slightly in a race .
Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track .
There are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race .
Three race dogs run to finish a race .
A group of people ride down the road in a large tractor .
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
A tractor pulling a wagon with a giant pumpkin covered in cloth and two wicker baskers on it drives down a road with people nearby .
Several people ride in a very odd looking truck .
Three men are driving a tractor that is carrying a huge brown object .
Children play with large hoops .
Little kids playing with sparklers at night .
Two small children are twirling sparkling rope .
Two young boys playing with sparklers .
Two young children and an older man play with sparklers .
two african-Americans stand in front of the building .
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on .
Two men are posing for a picture .
Two men are standing together in front of a white brick building .
Two men with glasses stand outside a stone building in the cold .
A basketball player in a red uniform is holding the ball while a player in a white uniform is trying to block him .
A basketball player with a ball and defenders .
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
The rival teams are playing basketball .
two basketball teams playing a game on the court .
a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of Japanese temple .
A man and woman relaxing in a beautiful , scenic country .
A woman and man are posing on a beach in front of a landmark .
A young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate .
Two people are standing on a beach with an oriental statue behind them in the water .
An older dark-skinned woman holding a lighter-skinned baby .
An older woman is holding a large baby with mittens to protect her from scratching herself .
A woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture .
A woman in leopard print holds up a baby in white clothing .
a woman is sitting by a fence holding a baby in her arms .
A teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
A woman helps boys on a computer .
Children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them .
Kids work at computers with a teacher 's help .
Two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher .
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on .
A basketball player in a whit outfit is dribbling the ball around a player in a red outfit as the referee looks on .
A Miami basketball player dribbles by an Arizona State player .
A referee watches two basketball players playing basketball .
The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game .
A basketball player in white leaps up at the net .
A basketball player is jumping and holding a basketball over the net .
A basketball player slam dunks the ball .
A man jumps with a basketball to make a hoop .
The basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net .
A man in a green shirt is jumping a ramp on his skateboard .
A man is skating on a vert ramp
A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his skateboard on a red ramp while people stand around looking .
A skateboarder is riding on a red ramp by the ocean .
A child performs skateboard tricks on a wooden platform .
A man in a darkened room performing skateboard tricks .
A skateboarder is balancing on a wooden box in a dark room .
The skateboarder is wearing a helmet .
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick .
A boy and a person off-camera playing a card game .
A small boy holding a hand of cards with Uno cards in the foreground .
Boy sitting on the couch playing a game of Uno .
The boy is playing UNO .
Three UNO cards in reds and yellows in the foreground , with a young boy holding additional cards in the background .
A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface .
a tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air
A yellow Labrador running with its ears flopping .
The brown dog is running .
This dog is running along the path .
A bike rider in the air above a ramp .
a bmx rider jumps off a ramp .
A cyclist is jumping off a wooden ramp beside an arched window .
A man in black rides a bike on a wooden ramp .
A young man in black takes a jump off a wooden bike ramp .
a woman holding a baby hanging from a branch and a small child hanging on that same branch .
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch .
Two children and an adult standing next to a tree limb .
Two children hang from a low tree branch
Two children hanging on a large branch .
Three people stand by a doorway posing for a photograph .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and a woman smile at the camera .
Two men and a woman standing near a doorway .
Two men and a woman with their arms around each other .
One very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators .
two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match
Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch .
Two sumo wrestlers competing in a match .
A sumo wrestler in black begins to push another in blue out of the ring .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring .
two sumo wrestlers fight .
Two sumo wrestlers in the ring .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling in a sand ring .
A blond haired child in a black outfit and red belt doing karate .
A child with a red sash practices martial arts .
A girl in a black outfit with a red sash and a black headband has one hand on her waist and one extended straight out .
A young boy wearing a black uniform with a red sash taking part in a martial arts exposition .
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration .
A black woman with a colourful bandanna on her head carrying a sleeping boy in a backpack .
A boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back .
A lady with her son attached to her back
A smiling woman carrying her baby in a sling .
A woman carries a sleeping baby on her back .
A city street is busy with people as one person walks across the crosswalk .
A man crosses the street next to a light rail station .
A man crossing an intersection and others are walking
A woman in a blue hat and coat is crossing the road on a pedestrian crossing .
Man walking in the street under green lights
A group of people are watching fireworks outside .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
A small crowd in winter jackets stand in a snow field , looking at fireworks .
A small crowd stands watching a fireworks display .
People watch as something lights up the sky .
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .
A girl with a bikini plays in the dunes .
A little girl in a pink bathing suit jumps up on a sand dune at the beach .
A young girl in a bikini jumping on the beach .
A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean , as two other children play in the sand .
A man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp .
A skateboarder becomes airborne at the top of a black and yellow ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp .
Skateboarder flying over ramp outside .
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors .
A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .
The players manuever for the soccer ball .
Two men kick at a soccer ball .
Two men wearing different colored uniforms playing soccer .
A beautiful horse is running in a fenced in area .
A black horse with a white nose is running in some sand with a fence around it .
A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose , running .
A horse is in midair in a corral .
A horse running through a dirt pen .
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
A man in a blue suit reads the paper while smoking next to a marble building .
A man is standing up , reading a newspaper , and smoking a cigar .
A man smoking a cigar reading a paper in a city
A man standing by a building corner and reading a newspaper .
A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
Basketball players in action .
The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
Woman in white dribbling basketball .
A boy in red shorts takes a dive while playing ball with another boy on the beach .
A man about to kick a ball over his head .
A man goes sideways in the air to hit a beach volleyball .
The volleyball game is headed into the water .
Young men are playing soccer on a beach .
A blonde girl is laughing at a guy in front of her .
A lady laughs at a man 's gestures .
A pretty blonde haired woman is talking to a professionally dressed man on the sidewalk .
A woman with a newspaper is looking at a man with a side pack on a street sidewalk .
The blonde woman holding a newspaper is smiling at the man in the white shirt .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
The three people are wearing black blindfolds .
Three blindfolded people are in front of a white ' Salvar o Planeta ' wall .
Three people in blindfolds stand under a sign written in Spanish .
Three people wearing black blindfolds near a " Salvar O Planeta " sign .
Three people wearing blindfolds with a Greenpeace sign hanging in the background .
A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand .
A dalmation is running along the beach .
A Dalmation runs along a beach .
a dalmation runs along the beach .
Dalmation running along the beach .
A boy in a blue sweatshirt playing Frisbee with two black dogs .
A man stands in the snow and holds a toy up while a black dog jumps for it .
a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs .
The man is playing with two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs play with a human and a disc in the snow .
A furry dog running on an open field of grass .
A gray fuzzy dog running through snow .
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
A grey shaggy dog running
Fluffy grey dog running in a field
An individual in a red suit doing a ski jump .
A person on ski 's in the air at a ski slope .
A skier catches air .
A skier in red is high in the air .
A ski jumper is in the air .
A skateboarder does a trick off a brown ramp while three other people watch .
A skateboarder in the air at the top of ramp .
a skateboarder in the air getting ready to land
A skateboarder is doing a stunt .
The skateboarder is in the air while holding his board .
A brown dog runs in the grass with one ear up .
A fluffy dog runs in grass .
A shaggy dog is running through a grassy area .
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
A small dog runs through the grass .
A man with an Afro propels his skateboard into the air .
A skateboarder does a trick in the air , another watches and so does a crowd .
A skateboarder is watching another skateboarder perform a jumping stunt .
Boy does skateboard trick .
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches .
A big brown dog running .
A brindle do runs through a grassy yard
A brown dog runs outdoors .
A grayhound dog is sprinting .
Dog running in yard .
A big brown dog chases a smaller white dog around in the grass .
A terrier dog and a mixed breed dog playing .
A white dog and brown dog fighting .
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass .
Two dogs paying attention to each other .
A male fire-dancer performs .
A man dances with a fire baton at night .
A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark .
A man twirling a flaming baton .
an african man is performing a trick with a stick that is burning with fire at both ends .
A dog playing with a blue ball in a small pool of water .
A dog playing with his ball in the wading pool .
A dog with a blue ball .
Brown and white dog plays with blue ball in blue water-filled shell .
Brown and white dog splashing in a pool .
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street .
A man and a woman are riding their bikes in an intersection .
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city .
A man and woman ride their bikes across a city street .
A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street .
A man holds a microphone in front of another man who is wearing a blue hat .
A man speaks into a microphone being held by another man .
A old man talking into a mike held by another old man .
Eldery man being interviewed after a race .
One older man interviews another in a racing suit .
A crowd of people in knit hats standing near a van .
A group of people are gathered together .
A group of people gather around a truck .
A large group of people are gathered .
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign .
A bicyclist holds their bike over their head by a group of people .
A cold cycler celebrates .
A man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd .
A man in orange lifts a bicycle over his head in front of a crowd .
A man lifts his bike over his head and walks through a tight crowd .
a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field .
A little black dog chasing a little brown one .
A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area .
One brown and one black dog in grass .
Two dogs running , one brown and one grey
Two people in an orange race car .
Two people in helmets sitting in an orange car .
Two people ride in a orange race car .
Two people wearing helmets are sitting in a race car .
Two racers driving an orange car
A boat containing people is suspended by a cable .
A boat suspended by a cable over the water .
A raft hanging from a rope over the ocean .
A small group of people are in a small red boat and it is in the air over the ocean .
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable .
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .
A boy plays in the surf at sunset .
A child is standing on a beach waiting for a wave to come in .
A child stands in front of an incoming wave as the sun sets .
Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon .
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red .
A man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man .
A man in red winter clothes talks to another man in red .
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man .
Two men talk outdoors .
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A man with red pants is skiing downhill .
A person in red pants skis down a mountain .
A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope .
This person is skiing .
A dog in a snowy area .
A spotted dog catching a ball on a snowy field .
A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball .
A white dog is running fast on a trail covered by snow .
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
Two men in magenta costumes performing .
two men in red fight .
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
Two people dressed in pink .
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
A small child practices golf .
A small child with a toy golf club
a young child wearing a white coat playing a children 's gold game .
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors .
Three men standing on a cliff .
Three people are posing in front of a large rock mountain .
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .
Three people in jackets standing at the bottom of a large rock formation .
Three people standing on a mountain about halfway to the top .
A man and are playing cards but the man has thrown some cards in the air
A man throws cards as he and the woman are sitting and playing cards .
A woman screams as a man throws a deck of cards .
A young man and woman sit at a small table amidst flying playing cards .
Man and woman at glass table , man flinging playing cards as woman reacts .
A bird flies above the water .
A heron is flying through the air near foliage .
A large white bird flying over water .
A large white bird swoops over water .
A white bird with yellow feet is flying over water .
A bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece .
A boy on a bicycle does a jump trick on his bike
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp .
A man in a red shirt is jumping his bike over a sign for Rockstar Energy Drink .
A person is on a bicycle making a jump high in the air .
A bride and groom stand in front of a church display while looking at one another .
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married .
Bride and groom standing in a church surrounded by flowers .
Newlyweds smile and pose for a picture after their ceremony .
Two people are getting married in a church .
Two blonde ladies wearing sunglasses lounge on the grass with a dacshund .
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog .
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog .
Two women laying on grass with a dog .
Two women on a grassy hill lit by the sun ; one looks at a dachshund , the other looks to the side .
A brown dog runs happily with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A Dachshund runs through the grass , carrying a ball .
A dog runs with a multicolored ball .
A small brown dog running with a multicolored ball in his mouth .
The small dog , wearing a harness , is running with a ball in its mouth .
a brown puppy is gnawing in a metallic post that is stuck into the ground .
A dog is chewing on a metal pole .
A puppy mouthing a pole on the ground .
Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
Brown puppy biting pole
a boy in green jacket is riding a small motocross bike through the mud .
A dirt biker in the mud .
A young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud .
A young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path .
A young child rides a motorbike through the mud .
A brown dog digs in the sand happily .
A dog digs in the dirt .
A large brown dog is digging in the sand .
Dog digs in sand
The brown dog is digging in the dirt .
Children walking on a sidewalk with yellow backpacks .
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks .
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks .
Two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks .
two young children with yellow backpacks walking down a sidewalk
A girl running toward a man on the beach
A girl runs down a beach .
A little girl runs along the beach toward a man who admires the sky .
Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together .
Man and child playing on the beach .
A bird flying over some sand .
A large bird swooping down towards the ground .
A large brown and white bird flying over land .
An eagle is coming in for a landing on the beach .
A white and beige colored bird is flying over a sandy beach .
a group of people get into special order .
Eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion .
Eight people are standing behind each other with arms stretched out to look like a tree .
Eight people pose in a line .
This group of people are posed , progressively higher , one behind the other .
Boy skating across a metal rail .
One boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching .
Teenager grinding skateboard down a railing while other teenagers watch .
The skateboarder is riding the silver rail while three other young men look on .
Young man grinding , three other boys observing
A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down .
A group of people are standing on a ledge overlooking low clouds .
A group of photographers stands on a hillside in the snow with the sun just below the horizon .
A line of people are seen in silhouette on a snowy ridge when the sun is low in the sky .
A line of people are standing on the edge of a snow covered path overlooking the clouds in the mountains .
A cat standing on carpet is interested in a piece of string in the air nearby wood flooring .
A white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him
Cat playing with a dangling string .
Cat standing to play with string .
The white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric .
A little boy streches his body out with his stomach on the grass .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt lies on the grass .
Boy lies on stomach in grass .
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass .
A hockey goalie in a red uniform takes a drink from a water bottle .
A hockey goalie taking a drink of Gatorade .
A hockey player in a red jersey taking a drink out of a sports bottle
An ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle .
Hockey player in red uniform drinking from a green water bottle .
A man is a black ninja suit with a mask is playing a guitar .
A man wearing a black ski mask is playing a guitar .
A man wearing a ninja suit plays the guitar
A man with a ski mask , dressed all in black , plays guitar .
A person in a black ninja costume playing a guitar .
A competitive jumper is caught by the camera in midair .
A cricket bowler in action .
A man contorts his body as he plays baseball .
Ballplayer in blue uniform midair with legs stretched out .
Man running and almost falling .
A kid cross-country skis wearing the number " 93 " .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
The skier is on the snow .
a bearded man takes a nap .
A man has fallen asleep with his mouth open .
a man snoring
A man with a beard sits among orange chairs .
A man with a beard sleeps in a chair , computer banks behind him .
A goalie is crouching in a defensive position in front of the goal .
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal .
An ice hockey goalkeeper in a red and blue strip is on his knees in front of the goal .
An ice hockey player is bending down on the ice .
The hockey player knelt on the ice .
The boy and girl pose for a picture with a large red flower above their heads .
The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower .
Two kids smiling underneath a red flower .
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
Two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead
A woman is walking in front of a fast-food restaurant .
A woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement .
A woman walking near a fast food restaurant .
a woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers .
A woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers .
A man with four running dogs in nature .
A smiling woman watches as four dogs run on a hill .
A woman is standing on the grass with four dogs .
Person encouraging four dogs to run .
The man is in the field with four dogs who are running .
A ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match .
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
A soccer team scores a goal .
Goal attempt during a soccer game being played on green grass .
A female hockey player in blue is challenging the player in white for the ball .
Two girls are fighting for the ball in indoor field hockey .
Two women with blue and white uniforms playing floor hockey
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
Women playing a game similar to hockey , but with no ice .
A man snowboards over wooden snow fences .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder jumps over a wooden structure
Person in yellow jacket snowboarding .
Snowboarder going over a fence in snow .
Two bicycle riders in twilight on the shore .
Two children on bikes riding on a desolate street near water and a streetlamp .
Two kids ride their bikes by the ocean , in the evening .
Two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
A dark haired bearded man in a white dress shirt and black sweater and a woman in a black and white dress in a small space .
A man and women , both in black and white , are in an elevator .
A man with a large beard and a woman wearing a white necklace smile .
A nicely dressed woman and bearded man in a small room .
A smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left .
A man is in midair at a skate park .
A man is pulling tricks on his rollerblades in a indoor skate park .
A man rollerblading at a skate park .
A rollerblader does a trick at a skate park
Inline skater taking a jump .
A person in a dark wetsuit is surfing .
A person is surfing on a large wave .
A surfer goes up a wave of water .
The surfer is surfing the wave .
The surfer wearing the blue suit on the colorful surfboard is catching a wave .
A man in a prison suit is snowboarding .
A man in a zippered jacket snowboarding .
A snowboarder in stripes .
A snowboarder poses for the camera while doing a trick .
A snowboarder wearing a black and white striped jacket is kicking up some snow .
A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background .
A brown dog is running on sand next to the ocean .
A dog is galloping on the beach .
A dog is running along a beach in front of the ocean .
A dog leaps by the ocean .
A baby in swim trunks shows off his balancing ability with the help of his father .
A father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool .
A man holding a baby over a swimming pool .
a man holds a toddler on a board over a pool .
A man holds up a baby in a swimming pool .
A black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass .
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick .
a dog carries a large stick through the field .
A dog with a large stick runs across the grass .
There is a black and white dog with a large branch running in the field .
A brown and black dog jumps high in the air after a purple Frisbee .
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps in the air for a Frisbee disk as the owner watches
A dog jumps of a Frisbee with a woman looking on .
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee .
A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow .
A skier
A skier is in the air .
A skier takes to great heights on a snow-covered mountain slope .
The man is skiing down a snowy hill .
A person is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow .
A snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder jumping off a mountain cliff .
A snowboarder jumps high over snow in mountain area .
Snowboarder in midair performing a stunt on mountaintop .
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
A man wearing flowered swimming trunks is standing near large mossy rocks .
A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water .
Man in red shoes and red and white print shorts posing in front of rocks by water .
Man posing by a natural pool .
A boy riding a sled off of a snow ramp .
A boy riding a tobaggan down a snowy hill
A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him .
A group of people are sledding down a snow covered hill .
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard .
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth .
A dog is running towards the photographer .
A playful dog running across the snowy field with a stick in its mouth .
Black and white dog with a stick running in the snow .
A person is in a tree at night .
A skier flies past bare trees after taking a night jump .
A snowboarder getting air at night .
I have no idea !
Someone sitting in the tree in the dark .
A cop sitting on his police bike .
A motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city .
A policeman sits on a motorcycle .
A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets .
A policeperson is near a police motorcycle .
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs .
Two people on cots watching the water at twilight .
Two people relax by the water .
Two people sit in the dark , on the shore , looking at the city lights .
Two people sitting in the shadows near the water .
A person in a red shirt on a skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard .
A teenage male grinds on his skateboard .
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
While doing tricks , the skateboarder is at the top of the half pipe .
A group of asian women standing together for photo .
Four Asian women pose for a picture .
Four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background .
Four women , two with id badges .
Four young Asian women are posing in front of a window
A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole .
A motor biker gets massive air off a dirt jump
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
Brown ramp structure with a person on ski 's in midair .
The cyclist is airborne on his bike as it makes a jump between two mounds of earth .
A group of people waiting to ride boats .
Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor 's center with passengers waiting to board .
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony .
People congregate on a platform in a river among decorated boats .
People wait to board boats .
Two labs running around near a wooded area
Two light tan dogs of the same breed but different size are running in the woods .
two white dogs are running through some woodland .
Two white dogs playing in a forest .
Two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves .
A man smoking a cigarette talking to a lady who is sitting on steps .
Lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
The person in black smoked while the woman in brown sat on the steps .
The woman in the black coat is smoking and the woman in the gray coat sits on stone steps .
Two women smoking on the steps of a white building .
A female lionist jumping in a green field with a green mountain in the background .
A lion jumping through tall grass .
A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock .
a tiger jumps off a rock .
Cougar pouncing off rock .
A parachute caught on a tree with some people on the ground shining a light at it .
A person jumps up over the snow as their skis cross .
A skier in midair
A skier is doing a trick in the air at night .
A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed .
Two Asian girls are standing outside a red brick building
Two asian ladies posing for a picture .
Two women standing in front of a large brick building .
Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory .
Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
two men sit on a bench .
Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
A bald eagle near a pond of water .
A bald eagle sits on the bank of a creek .
A bald eagle stands in shallow water .
An eagle standing in water .
The bird walks in the water near rocks .
A man on rollerblades is doing a trick .
A man riding a skateboard on a half pipe in the dark .
A rollerskater does tricks on a half pipe .
A skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp .
There is a guy wearing a grey and white striped shirt and black pants skateboarding on the black surface .
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .
A brown dog is catching a ball in its mouth whilst playing in a snow covered field .
A dog catching an orange ball , in the snow .
A golden retriever catches a tennis ball in the snow .
A tan dog catches an orange ball in the snowy yard .
A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture .
A group of children stand against a building and smile .
A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall .
a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall .
The six children are laughing .
A bike rider in red rides through the trees down a snowy hill .
A person is riding a bike in a wooded area at night .
Bike rider riding downhill in forest .
Cyclist in snowy forest at night
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket .
A dog is running through the snow .
a thin white dog is running through snow .
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow .
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow .
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A boy is wielding a long white stick whilst some people are watching him from behind .
A child swings a big white stick while others look on .
a young boy swinging a stick about o hit something .
A young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches .
The little boy swings a large white stick .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
A person walks in the dark near streetlights .
A street light lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime .
A child in a red child plays on playground equipment .
A little kid plays on the equipment at the park .
A small blond child wearing a red jacket climbs on a playground .
Blond child wearing a red jacket and crawling on playground equipment .
The kid at the playground has a red sweater on .
Two staffordshire terriers race through a field in the woods
Two brown dogs running in a grassy field .
Two dogs running in the woods .
two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees .
Two tan dogs run along a field at the edge of a woods .
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand .
A girl sits patiently as another one draws henna on her .
The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting .
The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager 's hand .
Two girls at a table with papers between them .
a man with a microphone watches two children practicing sum wrestling .
Two girls dressed up with sumo pants wrestling while people look on .
Two people have their arm entangled with each other while people look on .
Two woman competiting in a mock sumo wrestler competiton .
Two young girls sumo wrestle while others watch .
a family deciding what to other at a restaurant
A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on .
three chinese people eat soup .
Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant .
Two women and a man are sitting at a round table .
A snowboarder going over a cliff .
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall .
A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge .
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air over snow .
The snowboarder is doing a jump .
A dog runs in a race .
A dog wearing a number " 8 " races on a track .
A greyhound in a black and yellow shirt is racing .
A white greyhound dog wearing the number eight is running on a track .
The muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track .
A boy wearing a blue parka , green pants , and white shoes is leaping in a ramp .
a man performs a large jump .
A man wearing a blue jacket jumping from one concrete wall to the other .
A person in a blue jacket jumps off of a tan cement wall .
Someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne .
A smiling group posing together .
Four people pose upclose for the camera .
The young adults take a group shot of themselves .
Two men and two women taking a self-portrait
two women and two men are posing for a self held camera photograph .
A motocross biker flies in the air on his bike .
An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle .
A person in white in the air on their motorbike .
A white motorcycle is being jumped in the air by a person in a white outfit and crash helmet .
Rider making high jump on motorcycle .
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling .
A child in a black shirt , running .
A little boy in navy blue is running very fast .
A young boy in a dark blue shirt runs as the grassy background blurs .
A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints .
A basketball player jumps for a shot while another attempts to block him .
Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red .
Two basketball players oppose each other at the net .
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the other .
Two men , one with a ball and a blue uniform , and the other in a white uniform are playing basketball .
A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left
Two boys in a tent smile for the camera .
Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets .
Two children are playing in a homemade fort .
Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
The boy is jumping in the air .
Where is the rest of his racket ?
A woman helping a young blonde girl .
A woman in a sweater is painting the face of a young girl in a striped shirt .
A woman paints a picture on a girl 's face .
A woman with glasses is face painting a blond girl .
the woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blonde girl .
A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure .
A group of people gather in front of a historic building
Many bundled up people are standing in a public square .
There is a group of people in winter coats are gather in front of a large building .
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter .
a man and woman have matching tattoos .
A man holds the hair of a woman to show her matching tattoo .
a pair showing off matching musical note tattoos
The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos .
Two people show off their matching skull tattoos while two other people look on .
A black dog leaps in the water .
A black dog runs fast into shallow water .
A dog bounds into the water .
Black dog running into the water .
Black dog running through water next to beach .
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch .
An Irish dancer performs a solo .
A woman in tights dances .
Girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same .
Outdoors , girl in orange dress dancing as other dancers huddle in background .
A group of pugs in a lawn .
A pack of Pugs .
Group of pale brown and black pugs playing on grass .
Many dogs are shown in the grass .
Nine black and brown pugs in harnesses playing on a grassy lawn .
A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf .
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock .
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background .
Small girl blowing bubbles outside .
The girl in the pink dress is blowing bubbles on a walkway in front of a black ship .
A man drives an ATV down a dirt road with a power line behind him .
a man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill .
A man wearing a white hat is on a red ATV driving on the dirt .
Man riding four-wheel , off-road vehicle in rural area .
The man rides his quad through a rural area followed by his dog .
A girl and a man wearing a colored hat is leaning from the window of a limousine .
a long white limo with two people hanging out the window
A man , with rainbow hair , and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo .
Two people , one with a rainbow wig , wave out the window of a limo .
Two women , one in a rainbow wig , wave out of a long car .
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes .
A group of people crossing ropes that are suspended over water .
Many people climb on a ropes course outside .
Men on a ropes course .
People are climbing on a rope bridge that is crossing a stream .
A man in a grey shirt juggles six black and white balls .
A man juggling hackey sacks
A person is looking up and juggling seven balls .
A young man juggles six black and white balls .
The man juggles six balls easily .
A man playing the Trumpet into a microphone .
A man plays the trumpet onstage
A young man in a black sweater plays a trumpet into a microphone .
A young man plays the trumpet .
The man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone .
A brown , black , and white dog play in a grassy field .
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .
Three dogs running on a grassy field .
Three dogs run on wide , grassy , outdoor area .
White , brown , and black dogs running across a grassy lawn .
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow .
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .
A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag .
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow .
a tan dog wearing a multicolored color running on the beach
A skier falling down a hill .
A skier is falling face first into the snow .
A skier is falling into the snow .
A skier falls down a hill .
The skier is leaning forward in the snow .
a person riding a snowboard with a pink bottom
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A snowboarder jumps across a snowy hill .
A snowboarder with a pink board jumping down a snow covered hill near trees .
Snowboarder on a pink board flying through the air .
A brown and white dog standing next to a smaller brown and white dog in front of a fence .
A brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog .
A large dog plays in the sand with a small dog .
Collie dog digs in sand .
Two dogs playing in the sand next to a fence .
A black dog pulls a red sled in the snow .
A black dog pulls a red sleigh
A black dog wearing a harness is pulling a sled .
A black dog wearing a harness that is attached to a red sled .
Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled .
a man carves an ice block with a chainsaw .
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice .
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture .
Man carves block of ice with a saw .
Man with an ice sculpture
Three Asian women , one elderly , one a child and one an adult crossing a street .
Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk .
Three women in white hats in a line .
Three women , one old , one young and one a child , walk down a street .
Three women walk in a line on the sidewalk .
A man in orange and blue is in the lead in a bike race .
Cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road .
The bicyclists are in a race .
Three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest .
Two cyclists lead the pack in a race while wearing long-spandex pants .
A complete dog sled team in motion .
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow .
A team of dogs pulls a sleigh holding two people across the snow .
Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs .
Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs .
A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift .
A brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area .
A grey squirrel bounds over the melting snow .
A squirrel takes a huge leap over a mound of snow .
A squirrel jumps in the snow .
a crowd cheers on a sled dog racer .
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .
Dogs pull a sled in the snow .
The crowd watches the musher 's dog sled .
Three dogs pull a sled during a race in the snow .
a few people waing around at a train stop
Five people on a sidewalk .
five people standing on a sidewalk
Three girls and a guy wait for a rail train .
three people stand on the sidewalk .
A group of Chinese teenage girls walking .
A group of dark-haired girls are walking together .
A group of dark haired young ladies in shorts walks past a bank of lockers .
four Asian girls are walking through a locker room .
Four dark-haired girls walk the hall toward a bank of lockers .
Four black-haired girls in shorts are walking .
Four girls in shorts walk down the street .
Four little girls walking together .
There are four girls with shorts on walking together .
Three girls wearing shorts , walking .
A crowd of people are sitting in bleachers , and some are holding American flags .
A crowd of people , some with flags , at an event .
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags .
People are sitting on bleachers waving American flags .
People waving flags watch a game .
Three dogs are playing together in the dirt .
Three dogs of varying sizes and colors stand on dirt .
Three dogs running in the dirt .
three dogs run together .
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
A group of boys are playing basketball and a boy in a brown shirt is throwing a basketball into the basket .
A man jumps up towards the basketball hoop as others watch .
a man wearing a brown shirt throwing the basketball into the basket .
Several people play basketball outside .
The guys are shooting hoops .
A child in a striped dress and a woman in a black dress .
A little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf .
A woman holding a small child .
A woman with a toddler in a striped dress
The woman is holding a baby girl wearing a striped dress .
A group of people stand together and look at the camera .
A man , a woman , a girl , and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned .
A man , woman and one girl face the camera , while one girl faces away .
Oriental man , and two women facing camera and young child with back to camera .
Three people looking concerned facing us , a girl in a backback facing away .
A lady is sitting at a table alone in a very colorful place .
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt .
An older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt , holding a glass .
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room
An old woman is sitting in a cafe with a glass of water .
A warmly dressed woman in black kneels with a small tan dog near a crowd of onlookers .
A woman in winter clothing kneels next to a small brown and white dog in the snow .
A woman kneeling in the snow attaching a harness on a small tan dog .
A woman puts a harness on her small brown dog while in the snow .
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
A black and tan dog walking through the snow .
A German-shepherd dog runs through deep snow that has covered grass .
A German Shephard runs in the snow .
A German shepherd dog is running in the snow .
The large dog is running through snow .
A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground .
A boy plays at the playground .
a boy run through a big wheel .
A man is at a park and about to enter a large round structure .
Two children play on large barrel hoops on a playground .
Two boys are running in a metal barrel .
Two boys are running in a spinning tube .
Two boys are walking inside a human-size exercise-wheel .
Two boys running in a giant metal wheel .
Two boys walking to make a cylinder roll at a small carnival .
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a dark object in the snow .
Two poodles playing tug-o-war
Two white poodles fighting over something in their mouths in the snow
Two white standard poodles playing tug of war in the snow .
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow .
A brown dog holding a really big stick .
A dog in the snow carrying a tree limb in its mouth .
Brown dog runs through snow with a snow covered branch in its mouth .
The brown dog running in the snow is carrying a large stick , also covered with snow .
Two brown dogs are wearing muzzles and running very fast through the grass .
Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field .
Two dogs racing on grass track .
Two dogs wearing mouth harnesses race through a field .
Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .
A smiling woman stands in front of a body of water with water birds .
A woman in a white shirt and dark jacket stands in a marsh .
A woman laughing by a lake .
A woman standing in front of water and dry grass smiles .
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek .
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race .
A group of people are running a race .
A large pack of men jog in a race .
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack .
There is a large crowd of runners .
A building with people outside .
A group of people stand in front of a large apartment building .
an anciet city with people walking the streets .
People in front of a beige five story building .
The corner of a building , from the street .
A climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall
A man attemping to climb a fake rock wall .
A man climbs a rock wall .
A man climbs up an artificial climbing wall .
a rock climber climbs a rock wall .
Two persons in midair snowboarding .
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow .
Two snowboarders are suspended in midair after a jump from a snow slope .
Two snowboarders in the air above snow .
Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air .
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window .
Two long haired boys are by a white window .
Two teenage boys walking on the street .
Two young men walking together .
Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside , wearing warm clothes and backpacks .
A family picture
A group of adults wear sweaters and have their hands in their pockets .
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
A group shot of four guys and one girl in front of a brick building .
A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building .
A man in American flag shorts stands at the top of the stairs .
A man in flag underwear standing on the steps with a book and black shoes on .
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .
Person standing on step wearing American flag shorts and holding a box .
A man is skiing down a mountain .
A person dressed in red and grey is skiing down a snowy slope .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A skier skiing downhill in a cloud of snow .
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast .
A person ski jumps off an A frame shack .
A snowboarder jumps over a shed which is almost covered with snow
Snow covered wooded area with a structure and a person in white top and orange pants in midair .
The skier jumps over a hut in the snow covered forest .
The skier wearing orange pants is jumping over the wooden roof .
A child in pink throwing a snowball at a child in blue .
A girl in pink tosses a snowball a girl wearing blue .
Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .
Two girls in winter jackets , knit hats , and glvoes are outside in the snow .
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow .
A girl and boy hugging in the cobblestone street .
A little boy kisses a little girl on the side of the road .
A little boy tells a secret to a little girl
The two children stand on a cobblestone street and play .
Two young children playing on the street .
A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .
A man sits on a blue city bench with a blue blanket over his head .
A person on a blue bench under a blue blanket .
A person with a blue blanket on his head sits on a metal bench in an urban neighborhood .
The man sitting on the blue bench has a blanket covering his head .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow .
A lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow .
A slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
A man in an orange shirt is standing in a fire .
A man in an orange shirt is walking over fire while a crowd watches .
A man is walking through fire .
A man walks between burning piles .
A man walks past burning piles in front of a crowd with cameras
A cadet is being taught how to properly stretch his right leg .
A man in military fatigues is assisting another man who is lying on the ground in front of a row of parked cars .
A man on the ground near a row of cars , and another man standing holding the first man 's leg .
One man is helping another man get under a boundary line .
Two men in combat fatigues , one grabs the other 's foot on grass near parking lot .
A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood .
A man is diving off logs while wearing all black gear .
A man jumping off of some logs .
A man jumps off a wooden structure .
A man with a black shirt jumps from a wooden plank on a cloudy day .
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy .
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag .
kid practicing karate move
Little girl kicks black object at karate class .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A man hiking in the wilderness giving the camera a thumbs up .
A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail .
A man in a blue shirt is hiking through green foliage .
A man wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt walks in a dense forest .
Man standing in the midst of plants is giving two thumbs up .
A man in dark gear and a man in light gear wade through deep water .
Two men are racing in the water .
Two men , one in a blue swimcap , stand in torso-deep water .
Two men , walking waist deep in water , with one man shirtless with green hair and bright pink arms .
two men walk through the water .
One man in the hole of a tire in water , and another man getting up from the water next to him .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
Two men are playing with tires in muddy water .
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave .
Many surfers are sitting on their surfboards in the calm ocean .
Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave .
People line up in the ocean .
Surfers line up in the water awaiting the next wave .
A boy and a woman in Arab costume making peace signs .
A boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs .
A girl in a headdress and a boy with a bandanna are giving the peace sign to the camera .
A woman wearing a blue headcover and a boy wearing a scarf hold fingers in peace signs .
A woman with a blue headdress and a boy with a headband make a peace sign with their fingers
A black and white dog jumping in the snow .
A black and white dog jumps in the snow .
A dog jumps high in the snow .
A dog jumps in the snow .
Large black and white dog jumping in the snow .
A man and a woman adjust a camera on a tripod outdoors .
A man and woman setup a camera .
A pair work with the camera .
The man and the woman worked together to adjust the camera .
Two young adults are setting up the video camera for some action .
a boy holds up his paper while men stand around a table .
A group of adults and children doing some activity on a sidewalk outside .
A little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame .
Several people are preparing to film a scene involving a young schoolgirl and a young schoolboy .
Two little kids are on a production set with seven adults .
A camera team wearing jackets stands in front of a white building .
A man is setting up a camera to take shots of something that ca n't be seen near a ZCHTV wall .
A man shoots footage with a camera as two women look on .
A man with long hair is looking through a camera .
Three people stand outside one has a camera on a tripod .
a male reported in a black and white jacket interviewing a young woman
A man holding a microphone in front of a person 's face .
A man holding a microphone up for a woman .
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl 's face .
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair .
A child being interviewed by a man with a microphone .
A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .
A man interviews a boy in front of a crowd of people .
The man is interviewing a teenage boy in front of an audience .
A man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise .
A person on fire .
A person on fire runs to the left and two other people face him .
Stunt man on fire with two men watching .
Three people , one of whom is on fire .
A dog , wearing a number 8 , running in a race .
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack .
A greyhound runs in a race , bee striped jacket , number eight .
Grey dog with muzzle and with the # 8 yellow striped identification is running .
Racedog has the number 8 .
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass .
A black dog with a purple collar is running .
A black dog with a purple collar running .
a black dog with purple collar running
The black dog is wearing a purple collar with a black leash as he is running .
A rock face is covered with snow and ice .
A rocking climbing mountain inside a building .
a view of some large snowcapped mountains
Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift .
There is a pile of white snow .
A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them .
A group of people laying in the snow , while another person jumps them .
A person rides a sled over several people .
A sledder is making a jump over other kids lying in the snow .
One boy jumps over several other boys laying in the snow with his sled , while one boy sits on one end .
A man break dances as a crowd watches .
A man dances on a mat in front of a crowd .
A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd .
A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .
The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .
a man in a beige shirt is operating a video camera next to a girl in a black sweater .
A man is setting up a camera on a tripod while a woman stands in the background .
A man preparing a camera on a tripod
A man sets up a video camera while a woman stands behind him .
Two people with photograhi equipment standing beside a tree with computer equipment in the background on table .
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
Two men are standing in the street behind a table that has a laptop and a TV monitor on it .
two men looking at a screen
Two men stand behind a table with electronics on it .
two men with a lot of electrical equpiment on a table in front of them .
Two women are looking at a monitor with a long antenna .
two women are watching a monitor screen outside in a city street .
Two women , a TV with antenna before them , one is watching the other is looking down .
Two women on a street are stopped at a television .
Two women set up a small flatscreen computer .
A man is kneeling in the top step while many people are behind him sitting in chairs .
A man sits on the stage giving technical assistance for a performance .
a man sitting in front of a stage
A man with a " Backyard Babies " has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him .
Crowd behind man working projector
A lone performer or lecturer takes the stage in an urban setting , for a crowd of about 30 spectators .
An older crowd looks up at a small stage in the street .
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
People are seated outdoors to see someone onstage .
People are watching an outside presentation .
A girl in black is starring off into the distance .
A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod
A woman leans against the wall while a camera operates next to her .
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera .
a woman stands behind a video camera .
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow .
A young child coming down a snowy hill with snow flying around him near tiretracks .
A young child slides down a snow slope while smiling .
Little boy sledding down a snow covered hill .
Young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill .
A basketball player performing a lay-up .
A boy in a blue basketball uniform , number 13 and a boy in a white basketball uniform , number 23 jump for the ball .
A man in a white uniform jumps while holding a basketball as another in blue blocks him .
Basketball player wearing a white , number 23 jersey jumps up with the ball while guarded by number 13 on the opposite team .
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner .
a dog walks across the sand .
A sandy colored dog walking toward the camera with its leash attached and dragging below .
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day .
Dog with lease poses for the camera with its tongue hanging out .
A dog is jumping over a blue and white obstacle course fence .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog runs headlong towards a hurdle .
A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .
a tan dog jumping over a goal net on a large grassy field
A brown dog and a swan having a confrontation beside a pond .
A brown dog on a dock faces a white swan in the water .
A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake .
A dog looking at a swan in the water .
A dog on a deck confronting a swan .
A break dancer spins on his head outside as onlookers watch the performance .
A man spinning on his head on a city sidewalk near a checkerboard mat .
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd .
Man standing on his head near a black and white pattern in the street .
Young man break dancing in the street .
people are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching
Many people are watching street performers dancing .
Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches
Two men break dancing , with a crowd looking on .
two men dancing on a checker board in front of a crowd
A man down on one knee in the foreground , three others behind him , and a crowd surrounding them .
A man kneels on the sidewalk as a crowd watches .
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street .
Many people are watching two men performing in a busy street .
Two green shirted males perform on the square as people watch .
A crowd in a European square watching a green shirted man .
A gentleman in a green jersey is entertaining a crowd of people .
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .
A man with a yellow and green shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
Man in colorful jersey and cap performs for crowd in urban area .
A boy plays in the surf .
A boy running through surf on a beach .
a young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach
Boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean .
People stand in the surf .
Two brown dogs are playing in a field .
Two brown dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
Two brown dogs play or fight .
Two dogs run across the grassy field .
Two large brown dogs run along a field playfully .
A woman and child sitting on a bench beside a wooden bear carving .
A woman and little girl are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden bear .
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store .
A young girl being held by an older woman wearing bluejeans sitting on the lap of a bear statue near the entrance to a wooden building .
A man asleep on the subway .
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
Dark skinned male in leather jacket sleeping .
The man in the leather jacket sleeps on the subway .
A dark tent with nightclub lighting and people dancing with a man in a suit in the foreground .
A group of people in a dimly lit night club .
A man looks on in a club .
A man stares out a window .
People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent .
A dog sledding team pulling a man wearing a bright orange jacket in the snow .
A man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow .
A man is in a dog sled race with snow on the ground .
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town .
Dogs lead a sled with a man in an orange parka through the snow .
A dog sled races through the snow .
A dog sled team and their driver .
A musher waves and smiles behind his dogs who are running in snow .
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow .
The musher is pressing the dogs to the finish line .
A basketball player in white is trying to defend against the player in black who is dribbling the ball .
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him .
Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
Two teams are playing basketball as one man is driving towards the hoop .
White player attempts to get ball from black player on basketball court .
A bunch of men play rugby on a muddy field .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of opposing players are in the middle of a rugby game .
Men play rugby .
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left .
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building .
Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by .
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left .
A few players show off their jousting skills in a gym .
The people in the masks are fencing .
Two fencers in full gear duel in a gym .
Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class
Two fencers in white suits and black masks compete in a gymnasium setting .
The two men are playing Frisbee in a field .
Two men in long sleeved clothing are playing Frisbee in a park .
Two men in wintry athletic clothing play ultimate Frisbee .
Two men play Frisbee in the park .
two player run for the Frisbee .
A little boy jumps in the air while his younger brother looks on .
boy jumps through mud puddle .
The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day .
Two children are playing in a mud puddle .
two little boys play with a puddle .
A baby holding glasses looks at the camera while a man hugs him .
A man holding a baby who is holding black glasses .
A man holds a baby , which is chewing on eyeglasses .
A man holds a baby who is holding eye glasses .
Baby with his dads glasses in his mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location .
A biker lets go of the handlebars while flying over the ground .
An extreme cyclist in red shirt and helmet jumping his bike over a guidewire
A person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach .
Person in orange shirt balancing bicycle on wire
A black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice .
A black and white dog with a chunk of snow it its mouth while walking on a snowy surface .
A brown and white dog is carrying a snowball .
A brown and white dog walks in the snow with a big chunk of snow in his mouth .
A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth .
A boy in blue runs away from a woman in blue .
A lady is chasing after a little boy .
A little boy in a blue jacket is running and being chased by a woman .
A little boy in blue is being chased by a woman in blue .
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother .
Two dogs are swimming through deep water within close proximity to one another .
Two white dogs are swimming .
Two white dogs swim face to face in shady water .
Two white dogs swimming in the ocean .
White dog in the water .
A man exploring a cave .
a man wearing a blue hardhat with a lamp is standing in a crevice of a cave .
A man with a blue hat with a headlamp on it is standing in a cave .
A man with headlight gear is standing in a cave .
A worker wearing a hardhat is working inside a cave .
A dirt biker in the forest .
A dirt biker rides his motocycle through the woods .
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
A motorcyclist navigates a forest trail .
A person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees .
The 2 runners are ready for the track .
Two people are in running race starting position with a long lane field ahead of them .
Two runners are at the starting blocks , readying for a race .
Two runners are at the starting line getting ready to race .
Two runners get ready to race on a track .
A dirty dog is running down a vacant road .
A dog is running on a pathway .
A dog running down a paved road .
A yellow dog runs down a dirt path .
Blonde dog running down road
A guy riding a bike through mud and water .
A man on a red dirt bike drives in the mud , covered in spray .
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle .
A motorcycle racer has hit some mud on the track .
A person wearing a red and black uniform jumps on a motorbike .
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean .
A white dog is jumping in some cat tails .
A white dog leaps through dried cattails coming through the snow .
A white dog runs through dried cattails in a snowy field .
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass .
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
A boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard .
A boy is balancing his skateboard on a cement wall .
A boy performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
A brown haired woman wearing a red scarf near a stream .
A dark haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf .
A woman in a red scarf smiles for the camera .
A woman wearing a red scarf is standing on a hill by a winding road .
A woman wearing a red scarf smiles in front of a mountain background .
A group of people are in a swimming pool , being splashed .
A large water splash near three swimmers .
People are splashed by water coming down a shoot .
People in a pool and something just created a large splash .
Three people are in a pool dodging a giant splash .
A black dog in the middle of running or leaping .
A black dog is running quickly along the ground .
A rottweiler running .
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
There is a black and tan dog bounding through the air .
A man cross-country skis on a snowy path .
A man skies on the snowy ground among trees .
A man skiing through a wintry wooded area wearing a red jacket .
Cross-country skiers are traveling through a snowy forest .
People hike in the snow surrounded by trees .
A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth .
A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash , in a park .
A large dog holding a smaller dog .
A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash .
A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog .
A crowd surrounds a grounded hot air balloon .
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .
A group of people climb into a hot air balloon .
A hot-air balloon getting filled .
People gathered around a hot air balloon in the process of inflating .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
Three dogs race in the snow together .
Three dogs running through the snow .
Three dogs walk together across a snowy field .
Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog .
A brown and white dog walks behind a brown cow .
A dog is running past a farm animal nearby a fence diving tall and short grass .
A dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field .
Dog and cow in field .
The brown and white dog ran through the green grass .
A chicken and a white dog in the mulch .
A dog and a chicken next to a building .
A white dog rests on a log as a chicken pecks at the ground .
Chicken pecking at the ground .
The white dog is ignoring the black and white chicken .
A person stands in front of a white and red bus .
A person with long hair and a black coat stands in the street in front of a bus while people on the sidewalk look on .
A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus .
Man with back to camera standing in front of a bus
The person looks cautiously into traffic to be sure no car is coming .
A man drives a boat along a waterway lined with apartments .
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .
A man steers a boat through the canal lined with colorful houses with red roofs .
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
A person on a boat in a canal .
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach .
A brown dog shaking its head .
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head .
a brown dog wearing a chain collar on a mountain running crazily .
A dark brown dog rapidly shaking off .
A boy on a snowboard leaps through the air .
A man in a yellow hat is crouching on his snowboard .
A man in a blue shirt and green cap on a red snowboard .
A snowboarder flies through the air on a red snowboard in front of a snowy landscape .
A snowboarder landing on a pile of wood .
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout .
Sumo wrestlers pushing against each other .
Two people are sumo wrestling .
Two sumo wrestlers in a fight .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling .
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it .
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow .
A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow .
Two dogs , a big dog and a small dog , run in the snow .
Two dogs are standing in snow , the smaller one barking at the larger one .
A group of people in a dim room .
A man and two women sit in a darkened room at a table with candles .
A man speaking with two women .
Patrons share a drink at nightclub .
Three people sit at table by red siren .
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
A woman and two kids sit in a straw hut with a blue blanket on the floor .
Three African children sitting in a bamboo tent .
Three young children are sitting on the floor of a grass hut .
Two children and one young woman inside a straw hut , looking outwards .
a person snowboarding on a refrigerator
A refrigerator is stuck in a bank of snow , and a man is skiing on it .
A skier is using a refrigerator as a ramp .
A skier goes up a refrigerator in a snowbank .
A skier on the side of a refrigerator that 's in a snowbank with the sun in the background .
A dark haired man standing up singing and a man in a brown hat sitting playing guitar .
A man sings as another is playing guitar .
Singer and guitarist performing .
The man sang a song while another man played guitar .
two musicians singing and playing
A bicyclist is doing a trick in midair .
A bicyler is performing a trick in the air .
A bmx rider makes a jump .
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
Picture of biker in midair of a jump .
A man in an orange shirt hitting a tennis ball with a racket .
A man plays tennis dressed in U of Miami colors .
A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket .
a tennis player hits the ball .
man dressed in orange and white hitting a tennis ball with racquet
A man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
A man in an orange t-shirt and white wristbands plays tennis .
a man wearing an orange U. Miami t-shirt playing tennis
A tennis player in an orange shirt is lining up his racquet to strike the ball .
A biker performs before a crowd .
a lone motorcyclist jumping through the air in front of a large crowd .
A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd .
A person rides a bike high in the air as a crowd watches .
The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike .
A man in a flowered shirt holds a microphone beside a violin player standing in a crowd of people .
A man is holding a violin whilst the woman plays it with the bow .
A man plays a violin at a concert while a man speaks into a microphone .
A violinist and a singer perform in front of people .
one man singing next to another man playing the violin .
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette .
a man smokes a cigarette .
a man wearing a blue shirt smoking a cigarette in front of a building
A redheaded man smokes a cigarette while leaning his head forward .
man in blue shirt smoking
A group of people performing .
An older man and two younger men perform in front of a group .
Performers onstage dancing and clapping .
The man is playing the acoustic guitar while the other men make gestures
Two men gesture at each other , while a third plays guitar .
A dirt biker covered in mud racing
A man on a dirt bike is covered in mud .
a motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud
Man in a helmet riding a dirt bike covered with mud .
One motorcyclist covered in mud riding his motorcycle through the mud .
A boy on a skateboard rides down a red pole .
A male youth is grinding a rail on his skateboard .
A person skateboarding on a red rail .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
The boy is performing a trick on a red rail with a skateboard .
A swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air .
A swimmer wearing a black cap surfaces for air .
a swimmer wearing a black hat and goggles is doing the butterfly stroke .
Person in goggles and black swim cap swimming
Young man swimming , wearing swimming cap and protective goggles .
Children jumping off of cement .
Two children are jumping off a wall .
Two children standing on a wall .
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground .
Two young girls are jumping off of a steep step .
A man dives into a lake .
A man dives into the water surrounded by rocks and pine trees .
A man is diving into water near a shore .
A young man dives into water .
The man is diving into the water .
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
A group of warmly dressed people in the back of a truck .
A variety of folks in the back of a large wagon .
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck .
People are riding in a crowded truck bed .
Four dogs run in the grass .
Three dogs walking in the grass .
Two dogs are running in the field .
Two dogs run in the grass as a third dog watches from behind them .
Two large dogs running while a third watches .
A group of little boys playing indoor soccer .
Number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
Several little boys play indoor soccer .
Soccer player # 13 takes a shot on goal with four defenders and a goalie .
The boys are playing soccer .
The ladies are talking .
Three women are smiling with paintings behind them .
Three women at an art gallery , two of the women holding wine glasses .
Three women talking and laughing , while 2 hold glasses of wine .
Three women talking , holding glasses of wine , with paintings in the background .
A girl and boy look at each other .
A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her .
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
Three asian people sitting down .
Two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
A brown dog begins to bit the leg of a farm animal in the grass .
A brown dog biting a horse 's ankle .
A brown dog biting a horse 's leg .
A cattle dog nips the leg of an animal .
A dog nips at the leg of a horse .
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball .
Four women competing in beach volleyball beside a large body of water .
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball
Girls in bikinis playing volleyball on the beach .
Women in bikinis play beach volleyball by the waterside .
A woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach .
A woman is riding a brown horse on the shore of the ocean .
A woman on horseback , riding on the beach .
a woman riding a large brown horse on the beach
Person on a horse on the beach .
A man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation .
A man wearing a black hat points at a woman in black while another woman looks on .
Suprised couple talking to woman .
The man in the black beret has a conversation with two women .
The man is pointing his finger down while two ladies look on .
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall .
A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
A kid in a white shirt and white hat and jeans skateboards down a ramp .
A rollerblader skates down a ramp with his arms in the air .
The skater throws his arms into the air as he skids down the concrete wall .
A basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players .
A basketball player with several blockers .
A group of high school basketball players play a game .
a group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player .
A young man in a white uniform holds a basketball surrounded by members of the opposing team wearing green .
A chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around .
A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road .
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass .
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .
A brown toy dog is running across low snow with tail raised .
A little brown dog is running in the snow .
A small brown dog is running across snow .
A small brown dog running in snow .
The small brown dog runs in the snow .
A dirt biker participates in a race .
A dirt bike tears up the terrain .
A man on a bike throws up dirt during a motor cross event .
a motocross bike kicks up dirt as it is being ridden around a bend in the circuit .
A person in a blue outfit rides a motorcycle through a hill of dirt .
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky .
A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky .
A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day .
A skier on a slope .
A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow .
A group stands on tan checkered tiles .
many people stand around reading .
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
People stand reading papers while waiting for a subway .
People waiting for train on tiled platform .
A black greyhound in white and green coming up on the rear of a white greyhound in yellow and black in a race .
A greyhound running on a track .
Racing dog with yellow number 8 vest
The greyhound is running in a race .
The racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey # 8 .
A large white bird flies out of the water .
a large white bird takes flighht out of the water .
a large white crane flying through the air over the water .
A white crane is flying above some water .
White dove glides above water .
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water .
Two dogs running past a tree .
Two dogs run through a field .
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
Two grey dogs run near the water on a manicured lawn in the fall .
A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier .
A redheaded woman with a baby in a harness .
A woman holding a baby in a pouch on the front of her body .
A woman is carrying a sleeping baby in a sling on her chest .
The woman holds a small infant in a baby carrier on her chest .
A band playing in a dark indoor area .
A three person band performs on a small stage .
Live band at underground cabana
The silhouettes of a man on the left , a woman with arms up in the middle , and woman on the right .
Three people are in a dimly lit room with gold walls decorated with red ovals and black lettering .
A dear jumps the fence .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A deer jumping over a fence .
A deer jumps a fence .
Doe jumps over wood and wire fence
The two dogs are rolling on a purple blanket .
Two dogs lay on their backs on a purple bedspread .
Two dogs lay upside down on a purple bed .
Two dogs lying on their backs on the purple bed .
Two large dogs lying on their backs on a purple comforter .
People picking in a marsh .
People standing in mud .
Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area .
Two people working in mud .
two people working in water next to field
Four girls are playing volleyball on a sandy beach near ocean .
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
Girls in bikinis are playing a game of volleyball near a body of water .
A man has dreadlocks .
A man in a red shirt with dreadlocks is holding one cheek .
A man talks on his cellphone as he walks down the street .
a man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone .
The man in the read sweatshirt has his hair in dreadlocks .
A person in black covering their face with their hands .
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
A woman is covering her eyes with her hands .
Person in black jacket standing with hands over eyes with street lights on in the background .
The man with brown hair in the black sweater is covering his face with his hands .
A person in a knit hat hiding their face with a scarf .
A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater .
A woman in a park wearing a hat and holding a scarf over her face .
A woman outside covers her face with fabric .
The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him .
A black dog is chasing another black dog that 's carrying a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is chasing another black dog who is holding a ball , a wheel , and some red rope .
A black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire .
one black dog running with a ball and small tire in his mouth while another black dog follows .
A group of people are wearing bunny ears .
A group of people , several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae .
A Group of people wearing white head bands with two white fluffy balls on each one .
A group of women with pink bunny ears walk outside .
several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands
Asian women standing near a pole .
Several Asian women are standing on the street .
The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner , all with book bags on their shoulders .
These girls are standing near a street corner with cars in the background .
Women stand on the street .
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass .
A black dog and a white and brown dog running in a grassy field
Two dogs running in a field .
Two dogs run through the grass .
Three dogs playing on grass .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
A male teenager rides his skateboard onto a large rock .
A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock .
An adolescent wearing a blue striped shirt is skateboarding on a rock inside of a large building .
A skateboarder wearing blue flannel is skating on a rock at a skate park .
Man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock .
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball .
A black and white dog leaping to catch an orange ball in an open field .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a grassy field .
A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball .
Black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside .
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
Two kids run through grey sand .
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
two smiling kids walking on sand
Two young children are on sand .
Four people are walking on a bridge .
Four people walk on a bridge over a body of water .
People walking on a bridge over water .
Several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water .
several people walking in a line acroos a distant bridge
A hiker walks through the snowfield .
The two people carrying skis are walking in the snow .
Two people hike up a snowy hill .
Two people hiking up a snow covered mountain
Two skis hike uphill , through a barren , snowy landscape .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black Labrador bounds across the snow .
A little black dog is running on the snow .
A small black dog runs through the white snow .
The black dog is running through the snow .
A man sits alone in a diner reading a book .
A man sits in a booth at a diner .
The kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room , including a man in a red jacket .
This is the inside of a small restaurant , with a cook in the background , and two men in booths .
Two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe .
Two black and white dogs and one has something blue in its mouth .
Two black and white dogs run through a field .
Two white dogs are running through a field .
Two white dogs run along a light colored field and one has a blue toy .
Two white dogs with black spots jumping through the grass .
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client 's hair in a salon .
A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon .
The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting .
Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm .
People pose for the picture while sitting on a bed .
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .
Two women pose for a picture in a bedroom .
Two young women are sitting on a bed beside some posters .
Two young women sit on a bed .
A crowd of people in the street at night .
A young girl sits atop a lady 's shoulders as they revel with the celebrating crowd .
Two woman and a child look at each other while a night party scene goes on behind them .
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party .
Two women and one young girl are together in a crowded area .
A man , two women , and two dogs on a beach with buildings in the background .
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .
Three people on a city beach with two little dogs .
Two girls wrestle in the sand at the beach as a tan dog walks by .
Two women wrestle at the beach next to a city .
A halway has a sign that says " PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE " and some graffiti .
a kid doing tricks on the wall with his bmx bike
A man in a grey hooded sweatshirt rides his bicycle on a half pipe .
A person rides his bike over graffiti drawn on the ground .
A picture of a skateboard ramp and a french sign .
a boy carries a teenager on his back .
A boy struggles to carry a girl on his back .
A person wearing a black shirt is getting a piggy-back ride from a person wearing a black t-shirt walkng on a paved path in the woods .
A teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggy back ride in a forest .
The boy is carrying the other boy .
A group of dogs , chickens and a turkey stand by a bucket .
Five white puppies and several chickens compete for food
Many white puppies are eating food near several brown roosters .
Puppies , chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt .
Some chicken , dogs , and a turkey are trying to get some food out of a white bucket .
A brown dog is being attacked by two other dogs .
Three dogs appear to be playing rough inside a fenced enclosure .
three dogs playfully wrestle .
Two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back .
Two standing dogs and one brown dog lying on its back interact .
A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass .
A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .
There is a man with a blue shirt on and man with a gray coat on holding cups .
Two men have fun drinking
two men wearing nametags having a drink and smiling
A male freestyle rock-climber perches half-way up a pitted stone face .
A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall .
A man climbing a rock with a rope hanging down and safety clips on his waist belt .
A man in pants scaling the side of a cliff .
A man is climbing a rock wall .
a boy smiles by the pool .
A laughing young boy is near a swimming pool .
A young boy outside by the pool , smiling .
The child is laughing by a pool on the other side of the bars .
Young boy in a dark green shirt , behind a black fence near a pool .
A swan is flying through a body of water .
A swan preparing for flight across the pond
A swan taking off from a lake
The white swan is taking off from the water .
White bird flying above water .
A man who is resting his head on his hand .
A person wearing a white shirt sits and makes a face .
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand .
A woman resting her face on her hand .
This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand .
A man lying down with a maroon cloth over his eyes and someone standing over him wearing flip flops .
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .
A man on the pavement shielding his eyes with his t-shirt .
A man wearing a maroon shirt tied around his face is laying on the cement
A man with a dark red shirt covering his face rests on the pavement near a person 's feet .
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
Four people holding three dogs in a field .
Four people stand with their dogs in a field .
These four people are standing outdoors , with 3 dogs .
Children hang on a wall next to water .
Four boys in swimming trunks lean on the cement edge of a pool with their legs in the water .
Four boys in water are hanging on to the concrete ledge .
Four children in the pool .
sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
A child playing with fire .
A little girl in a pink top is spinning a stick that has been set on fire .
Child holding an object that is on fire .
Little girl holds flaming object at sunset .
A man rides a skateboard off of a picnic table over the steps .
a man skateboard down a railing .
A skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps .
Onlookers watch as a man on a skateboard attempts a trick off a table sitting on stairs .
People watch as a man does skateboard tricks down a table on the steps .
A biker going up a path lined with red tape .
a bmx rider takes air along the course .
A motocross rider does a jump in the woods .
Biker in colorful clothes riding a trail .
The mountain bike is being ridden on a trail through the wood that is marked out by red tape .
A sandy brown dog is playing with a soccer ball outside .
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball .
A tan dog is playing with a soccer ball .
A yellow dog plays with a soccer ball .
The yellow dog is playing with a soccer ball .
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
A man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .
A older couple next to the box office .
Eldery couple wearing hats looking at tickets on the street .
Old man and woman in jackets facing each other
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow .
A man is snowboarding over a caution sign .
A person doing a jump with their snowboard over a orange and white caution sign .
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign .
A snowboarder jumping over a road warning .
A basketball player in blue is attempting to block a player in white during a game .
The men are playing basketball .
Two basketball players play in a game .
Two black men playing basketball in a gym .
Two men from opposite teams play basketball together .
A basketball player jumps to make the shot while another tries to stop him .
Man in blue sport uniform with basketball in right hand attempting to score basket while being blocked by player in white uniform .
The basketball player in white is defending the basket against the player wearing blue .
Two basketball players oppose each other at the net .
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the others shot .
A basketball player in a blue jersey holds the ball high .
A basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop
A man in blue uniform about to throw a basketball .
A man wearing a blue basketball jersey is shooting the basketball .
A young man shooting hoops .
A black dog is running along a muddy stream surrounded by fall foliage .
A black dog is running down a path .
A curly clack dog is running down a natural path .
Dark colored dog leaping down a path .
Fuzzy dark gray dog running along a dirt path with weeds on the sides .
A man helps up a woman who has fallen after kicking a soccer ball .
One soccer player is laying on the ground with his arms in the air whilst the other runs towards the ball .
One soccer player runs past a fallen teammate towards the ball .
Two men playing soccer , one sliding one running towards the ball .
Two people in brown uniforms playing in a soccer match .
A basketball player concentrating on keeping the ball from other players .
A basketball player holding a basketball .
The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white .
The man in blue has the basketball while the man on the left watches and the man on the right tries to stop him .
Two basketball teams compete .
a basketball player dribbles .
A basketball player for North Carolina moves with the ball in hand .
A man in a blue jersey plays basketball .
A North Carolina basketball player dribbles the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball .
A brown dog bares its fangs .
A German shepherd on a leash barking up at somebody .
A leashed dog holds its mouth open wide .
Brown dog barking at something off camera , green background .
The brown and black dog has his mouth open .
A brown dog is fetching something in its mouth on a field .
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth .
A dog is carrying something in his mouth .
A dog with a choke collar is holding a gauntlet in its mouth .
A large black and brown dog is carrying something in its mouth while walking on grass .
A little girl runs in the park , looking at somthing out of frame .
A young girl walks quickly outside .
Girl running past a bench .
The girl is running through a park near a wooden park bench .
Young girl in green shirt and sandals runs down the street
Two Asian women in red bottoms , one in a blue top , one in a white top , leaning down over something while the woman in the blue top smiles .
Two dark haired girls looking down at something
Two girls looking down at something , one is smiling .
Two girls with red shirts tied at their waists are laughing while looking down .
Two teenage girls , one is smiling .
a lady looks surprised .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
A crowd of people wearing red shirts runs along a city road .
A group of people in red are running down the road .
A large group of men and woman all wearing red t-shirts participate in a race .
The people in orange t-shirts are jogging on the street .
There are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon .
A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
Two girls are holding up signs offering ' free hugs '
Two people with signs reading " Free Hug " are staring with people nearby .
Two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
Two women with signs that say " Free hugs " .
A busy city street with many people walking along it .
A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
Chinese market street in the winter time .
People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
A girl and guy holding signs and hugging .
A man and a woman hugging .
A man holding a sign and a blonde woman are embracing outdoors .
A man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman .
Man with sign hugging woman .
A guy on a snowboard grinding .
A snowboarder is attempting a trick down an outside railing .
Person in gray jacket and blue pants balancing board on handrail
The snowboarder is grinding on a silver rail in the nighttime snow .
The snow borader is riding a rail .
A couple hug each other and pose for the camera in front of a pond in the snow .
A man and woman embrace near a river in winter .
A man and woman standing next to each other in the snow by a lake .
The happy couple enjoys the scenic winter stream .
Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture .
A group poses for a picture in front of a frozen waterfall .
Four people crouched near an ice formation .
Four people sitting in the snow at the base of a frozen waterfall .
There are four people dressed in warm clothes sitting in the snow in front of a huge piece of ice .
Two couples pose for a picture in the winter .
A bird flying over the water .
A blue bird flying over water .
A gray bird is flying over the water .
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
A large gray bird begins to land in the water .
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom .
A man points to a blackboard to show a child something .
A man teaches English to a young girl in a rural African village .
one person pointing at a chalkboard with a student looking on
The man writes something on the chalkboard to teach the girl who is standing next to him .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert .
People filling a large black container with water .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A person jumping down a hill on his snowboard in the winter
A snowboarder glides down a stair rail .
A snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs .
A snowboarder is going down a snowy hill next to a staircase behind a building .
Person snowboarding on hill near snow covered stairs with buildings nearby .
A climber in a red shirt is secured by a rope as he looks down a crevasse .
A man is climbing a steep rock wall with a safety harness on
A person in a red shirt and black pants rock climbing .
A rock climber goes sideways .
Person with red shirt and black pants climbing a rock .
A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
A mother and child sit on the ice at a crowded rink .
A mother is consoling her daughter on the sidewalk .
A woman is holding a crying baby on the floor of a busy ice rink .
A woman sitting on the ground and comforting a crying child
A black and a black dog are running side by side .
A Rotweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth and a black lab running in the snow .
Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt .
Two dogs run in the snow ; one has a ball .
Two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .
A child and parent pet a horse .
A family pets a brown and white pony
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .
A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony .
The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse .
The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
The teenagers are fighting over a basketball during a game .
Two basketball players fighting over control of a ball .
Two basketball players struggle for the ball .
Two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
A cricket batter , dressed all in white , makes a hit
A man , dressed in white and wearing a red cap , plays on the grass .
A man in a rugby uniform hitting a ball in a grassy field .
A man playing cricket
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors .
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel .
A man doing some sort of trick .
A man in black perfors on a skateboard .
A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area .
A boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached .
A child with a hat stands with a bat .
A young boy poses in a field with a baseball bat .
A young boy with a baseball bat holing his arm out .
The boy is wearing a green cap and holding a black baseball bat .
A German shepherd biting the protected arm of an attack trainer .
A man training a dog to attack his padded arm .
A man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog .
A man with a stick and arm protection is being bitten by a large dog .
The man wearing padded clothing is fending off an attack by a dog .
A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric .
A blonde dog is standing beside a blonde puppy , who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog .
An adult golden retriever and a puppy are playing tug of war with a brown toy .
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy .
The small , golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike
Two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
Two brown dogs wrestle on the grassy hill .
Two dogs playing in the grass .
Two greyish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass .
Two Weimeraners in a field .
A man is playing a guitar next to another man who is sitting behind a green cart wearing a mask .
A man plays a guitar while another man sits next to him wearing a mask .
On the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar .
Two guys are on the side of the street playing a guitar and drums .
Two men next to a building playing a guitar and drums .
A black and brown dog walking in deep snow .
A black dog runs down a snowy hill with his legs deep in the snow .
A dog shoulder-deep in snow .
A dog up to its belly in the snow attempts to move .
The dog runs in the deep snow .
A body boarder with yellow flippers gets thrown around by a wave .
A man boogie boarding sails over the wave .
A man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave .
A surfer in blue surfs a wave .
The man is tossed from his boogie board by a large wave .
A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day .
A couple kissing on a sidewalk in a city during winter .
a man in a tan jacket is kissing a girl in a pink jacket on a city street as a yellow taxi passes by .
Teen girl in a parka kissing teen boy in a brown jacket on a snowy street
Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road .
A man is standing in front of a brick storefront wearing a black jacket .
A man standing on a city street .
The man is in front of a building
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
A fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore .
A girl and a guy shop for records in a music store .
A man and woman look at music cds .
A woman holds a framed piece of art at a store while another man shops .
Shoppers in a record store .
A group of people are standing in a field flying kites .
A large amount of persons flying kites in a park .
A large group of people fly kites on a sunny day .
Many people fly kites in a park .
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd .
A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
A skateboarder leaping from a pool in front of a crowd .
Skateboarder does tricks in front of crowd while photographer watches
A guy in boarding shorts is trying to do a flip or handstand on the beach .
A man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore .
A man is doing a back flip on a beach in front of the ocean .
A man turning a somersault at the beach .
A shirtless man is doing a back flip on a beach .
A little white and brown dog runs through brown grass .
A small dog runs through a field .
Brown and white dog runs through brush .
Small dog running through a field .
The dog is running full speed through the meadow .
A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a green surfboard .
A man surfs in the curl of the wave .
A person surfing a wave .
A surfer rides out a wave .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting .
A dog is standing in the fenced in field with a stick in his mouth .
A dog runs through a field with a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass .
A guy snowboarding down a hill .
A skier in a ski suit is skiing downhill , near a fence .
A skier races down the mountain .
A slalom skier moving quickly downhill .
Competing skier going down the course leaning to make a sharp turn .
A man skis down the hill , spraying snow in the air , ski lifts in the background .
A person is skiing .
a skier going down a hill with cable cars in the background
A skier descends the snowy ski slope beneath the ski lift .
Person skiing on slope near ski lift
A boy plays a game with wooden blocks .
A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table .
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
Boy in blue shirt looking at someone 's hand near stack of blocks on table .
A chinese festival .
Men smiles in front of chinese market .
People gather outdoors at a market .
Several people walk past tents with lanterns set up on the street .
White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them
A brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog .
A chow jumps on a huskey .
A smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
Two dogs play in a large fenced-in area , while two men watch from a distance .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
A miniature breed dog is running in a straw strewn field .
A small dog is standing in a field .
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field .
The little dog with big ears is in the field .
A man jumps train cars with his bike .
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
A person is in the air while riding his bicycle on top of the train on a clear blue sky day .
A person is jumping over a train car while on their bicycle .
A person on a bicycle moving across the top of a train .
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen .
A man in a black shirt and jeans is backing away from a fire on a stove .
an Asian man is cooking on dish that is on fire in a commercial style kitchen .
A pan on the stove in flames , a cook with an intense expression on his face .
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan .
A large vehicle drives through a mud puddle .
A large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path .
An off road vehicle driving through a mud puddle .
An SUV traveling through mud .
A sport utility vehicle is driving through deep and muddy water .
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city .
A black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk .
A man in a black leather jacket walks next to a white brick building in a big city .
A man is looking into the distance whilst people behind him walk between buildings .
A man walking next to a grey brick wall .
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence .
A man jumps a bicycle down a porch stairway too close to the fence .
Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle .
Narrow streetway in old village .
The boy is on blue bike and is above a fence .
A brown dog chases something a man behind him threw on the beach .
A man and a dog on the beach .
A man is interacting with a dog that is running in the opposite direction .
A man playing fetch with his dog on a beach .
A man walking behind a running dog on the beach .
A beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass .
A white dog plays in the grass .
A white dog walks over the short grass .
The white dog walks along the dead grass with its tongue out .
White dog walking outside .
A group of four guys wearing tutu
An all-male band performing in tutus
Four male members of a band wear all white outfits that include white skirts over white pants .
Men dressed in tutus perform a musical act onstage .
Men wearing tutus sing and play guitars onstage .
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A man in a red jacket and goggles is skiing in a flurry of snow .
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board .
A snowboarder wearing orange is going down a mountain .
The snowboarder crashes down the snow covered mountain .
A black and white dog is chewing on a camera .
A black and white dog rests its head on a camera .
A puppy plays with a camera .
Black and white dog chewing on a canon camera setting in the grass the camera is black and white .
Black and white puppy gnaws camera .
A person in a green shirt jumping on a lawn near several other crowds of people .
A person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass .
A young boy in a green shirt is jumping .
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
Young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread .
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball on a beach
A dog playing in the waves with a ball .
A dog plays with a ball at the beach .
A small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach .
Brown dog jumping near water on the beach .
a boy in a red hooded top is ice skating on an outdoor ice rink .
A child in a red hoodie and black pants ice skating in a rink .
A kid in a red sweatshirt ice skating .
Kid in red sweatshirt ice skating
Young boy in red hoodie ice skating .
A dirt biker rides through some trees .
A man is riding a mountain bike through woodland .
A mountain biker is racing through a shaded trail .
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill .
Mountain biker in red striped helmet rides through the trees .
A large crowd dressed in renaissance attire gathers together in a city street .
People are dressed in Victorian outfits in a crowded outdoor area .
Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street .
street scene of elegant dressed people of older times
There is a large gathering of people in costumes outside on the street .
A troupe of flamboyant clowns .
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera .
Three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes .
Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown .
three people are dressed up as clowns in a city street .
A little girl on the sidewalk close to the road is playing with three hula hoops
A little girl plays with a hula hoop on the sidewalk in a residential neighborhood .
A small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood .
A small girl dressed in a red sweater playing hula hoop on a sidewalk in a neighborhood .
The girl on the sidewalk is using a hula hoop .
People in white standing on sports field while crowd watches from stands
Three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage .
Three baseball players are on the field while a large crowd is watching
Three men stand on a sports field in front of a large crowd .
Three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd .
A man wearing a blue shirt holds up a piece of art .
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art .
man holding black paper with white illustration
The man in the blue shirt shows of a picture .
The man in the blue smock and beret holds up a brass rubbing .
A black bird carrying a small branch .
A black bird flies while carrying a small tree branch in its beak .
A black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth .
Black bird flying with a leafy branch in its mouth .
The bird is carrying a plant in its mouth while flying .
A group of men playing hockey .
A team of hockey players , with one player taking a shot .
Hockey players with one taking a shot .
Six hockey players of the same team are skating around waiting for the puck .
There is an ice hockey game in progress .
A cheerleader in a red uniform poses in a parade .
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress .
A woman in red and white poses in a parade
A woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street .
a young girl wearing a colorful outfit dancing down the street in a performance .
A guy on a skateboard griding down a handrail .
A kid skateboards down a set of railings on a snowy day .
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps .
A snowboarder riding down a railing .
boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter
A man skiing down a hill .
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A person skis downhill .
a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain .
Closeup of a skier with his poles out wide to the side .
A person in a white coat and pink pants snowboards at the " snow park " .
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding .
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowbank in a snow park
A woman in white jacket snowboarding at a park .
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth on grass in front of a fence .
A brown and white dog runs beside a wooden fence with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is running by a wooden fence with a ball in its mouth .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance .
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain .
A man in a red coat skiing .
A man in red is skiing down a snow slope .
A man wearing a red coat is skiing in the snow .
A skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain .
A snow skier in a red top and black pants moving down a hill .
A man going down the hill in the snow
A person bicycling through deep snow .
A skier in a bright green jacket sliding downhill .
Person in green jacket and backpack biking through snow
The man wearing a green jacket is riding a bike through deep snow .
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .
A boy with a basketball .
A young boy playing basketball .
Boy with american flag shirt bounces basketball .
The boy dribbles the ball in the playground .
A boy in black pants and green t-shirt jumps high with his skateboard .
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .
A person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs .
a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building .
He is in the air on his skateboard .
A person in a red jacket snowboarding .
A person wearing a red coat snowboards down a snowy hill .
a snowboarder in red rides down the slope .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is boarding down the snowy hill .
The snowboarder is wearing a red jacket and black helmet .
A woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing .
A woman in an orange dress is dancing with a man in a black suit .
A woman in bright orange dress dances with man
two dancers dance together .
Two people dance in costume .
A man is holding a treat up in the air and a dog is in midair trying to grab it while another dog watches .
A man is playing with two dogs in his yard .
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs .
The man holds up something in his hand to get the dogs to jump .
The man is playing in the yard with two dogs .
Bicycle racers being cheered on by some people .
Bicycle road racers passing a group of cheering spectators .
Crowds cheer on cyclists as they complete a race to the finish .
People on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers .
Racers on bikes riding past a crowd .
A boy in a headband plays drums .
A drummer is sitting behind a drum kit near to someone playing a guitar .
A man in a white headband plays the drums at a concert .
A man with a white headband playing drums .
The boy is playing drums .
A basketball player from one team making a rebound while three players oppose him .
A basketball player in orange has the ball while three others in blue and white defend .
Basketball player in orange trying to score through three men from the opposing team .
Four men are playing in a basketball game .
Three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange .
Four human figures are backlit by a sunset .
Four men with a sunset in background .
Four people and the sun .
four people are in silhouette whilst watching the sunset .
Four people watch the sunset .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
A person with a tattooed arm holds a frying pan over a mixing bowl .
Hands holding a frying pan .
The person with the tattoos is holding a dirty frying pan .
A far off view of a surfer and a person on a seedoo .
A man on a jet ski is watching a surfer ride the waves .
A person surfing a big wave .
A surfer catches a wave as a man on a jet ski looks on in case of an accident .
A surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave .
A black and white dog is running over grass .
A dog is running through the yard
A shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass .
The black and white dog is running on a green yard .
The black and white dog is running outdoors .
A man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles
a man and woman are riding scooters through a field of grass and clover .
Two adults - a male and a female - are standing on scooters in a field of yellow flowers .
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers .
Two people wearing helmets ride over the yellow and white flowers .
A boy playing on a chain at a beach
A child begins to climb over a chain with water on the other side .
A child crossing a chain fence to get to the water .
A child is climbing over a chain leading to open water .
A young boy on the beach by ropes .
A crowd scene in front of mosque .
A large group is shown in the street .
A lot of people are gathered around a mosque-like building .
Busy marketplace in an Arabian country .
There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top .
a group enjoying a day at the park in their trekkies
A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .
Several children wearing red sweaters are riding tricycles in the park .
several people dressed alike are traveling down a curvy road on scooters .
The brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter .
A group of bike riders are riding on the street .
A group of bike riders with helmets riding on a street .
A group of people are riding bicycles through a marathon .
A man riding an unsual bike in a bike race .
Many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .
A girl waits outside a Domino 's Pizza
A girl wearing a hat near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A girl with a purple beanie sits and waits at Domino 's Pizza .
A little girl in a purple hat is starring .
The girl is standing outside and holding on to her necklace .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A boy in blue jeans runs on the track at the local school .
A boy in jeans runs on a track .
A boy runs on colorful lines .
A small boy running track
A girl asleep in a bus seat
A woman , curled up , sleeps in her seat on a bus .
A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus .
A young lady , asleep on a train .
The girl is sleeping in the seat .
A girl with a beanie stands in front of a window that reflects a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A young woman in a knit cap smiles next to a sign for pizza .
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza .
The girl standing outside a pizza shop wearing a purple hat .
a lone snowboarder jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
A scene of snow and water .
A snowboarder jumping in the air off of snow .
A snowboarder is making a jump over a hillside with deep powder located in the woods .
A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill .
A bicycle racer in full helmet speeds through a dim forest .
A biker dressed in white rides through the forest .
A mountain biker wearing white races through a turn .
a person on a motorbike , riding through the woods
riding a bike through the woods
A dirt bike rider jumps into the air and does a trick .
A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks .
a lone motorcyclist jumping in midair with his legs in the air and sparks flying in the background
A motorcycle daredevil making a high jump .
A stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him
A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk .
A dog lies down on a cobblestone street .
A yellow dog is lying near where people are walking .
The dog is lying on the cobblestone street .
A child looks into a giant bubble .
A kid in yellow poking his face inside a bubble .
Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble .
a young boy sticking his head inside a huge bubble
Child in yellow shirt with head inside of a large bubble .
A young couple inspect merchandise from a street vendor .
People are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by .
Three people prepare a table full of food with a police car in the background .
two people look at a street vendor .
Two women and a man at a food counter in dim lights .
Two people sit on a dock near the water .
Two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset .
Two people sit on the end of a dock .
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
Two people sitting on a dock .
A person does a handstand with a snowboard on a yellow ramp .
A snowboarder doing a handstand on a ramp .
A snowboarder hangs upside down from his board during a maneuver in front of a crowd of people .
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators .
The snowboarder does a trick off of a yellow pyramid .
A group of men in white shirts and dark shorts are running on an athletic field .
A group of people in matching uniforms jogging around a track .
A group of soccer players run a lap .
A team of men jog around orange cones .
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field .
A crowd of people watching a snowboarder do tricks .
A crowd watching a skateboarder .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick .
The kid is showing off on his skateboard in front of a large crowd .
A boy chasing a yellow ball .
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
A little boy in a red striped shirt about to head a soccer ball .
A young boy is punching a yellow ball .
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball .
A barechested man surfs on a white surfboard .
A boy surfs .
A boy surfs on a wave .
A man jumps over a wave while riding a surfboard .
A person on a surfboard in the ocean .
A bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo .
A bull runs in an arena while people watch .
A man in a cowboy hat rides a bull at a rodeo .
Rodeo rider on charging bull .
The bull is running with a yellow fence behind him .
A speed boat jumps over waves in the water .
A speedboat rips through the water .
People in a boat floating above waves .
Someone is in a speed boat on the water .
Two people drive a small motor boat on choppy water .
A large white bird flying over water .
A stork flying low over the water .
A swan is flying above water .
a white crane flying through the air over some water .
A white heron flies into the sky .
A little girl in jeans runs across the green field .
A little girl runs across the grass toward the trees .
a young girl wearing a black shirt and blue jeans running through the grass .
Person in dark slacks and top walking towards wooded area .
The little girl in blue jeans is running on the grass .
a brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees .
A brown dog walking on a snowy surface near snow covered trees .
A dig is trekking through snow .
A tan dog is walking in the snow near snow covered trees .
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods .
a man dressed in purple playing guitar
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case playing a guitar .
A man in purple plays a guitar for money .
A man is standing on the street playing a guitar .
A man plays his guitar with the case open for donations .
A man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A man in a green shirt is climbing an obstacle course .
A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A teenager climbs a rock wall .
Someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
Two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together .
Two wrestlers grab each other by the arms ; a referee is standing by in the background .
Two wrestlers grasp hands and put heads together .
Wrestlers about to start a match .
Wrestlers locked in competition
A biker riding in a forest .
A man in blue jumps his dirt bike in a misty forest .
A person with a helmet is jumping a bike over something in a wooded area .
Biker jumping off a ramp in the forest .
The person in the blue jacket is riding in the forest
A biker races .
A guy on a bmx bike .
A man rides a bike through a course .
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race .
The bike rider is wearing a silver helmet and red shirt .
A bunch of people playing soccer .
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms .
A soccer player jumping in air during a game .
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne .
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it .
A black dog with a red and white rope dog toy in its mouth , standing in front of a building .
A black poodle with a red rope toy in its mouth .
A black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth .
A black standard poodle is playing with a red and white toy outside .
Black poodle carrying red and white dog toy
A black dog circumvents a wooden fence in a snowy yard .
A black dog leaps through the snow near a fence .
A black dog running away from a wooden fence with snow on the ground .
A black dog running through the snow .
A black dog wearing a red collar is running through snow next to a wooden fence .
Children inspecting an iron structure .
Three boys inspecting a piece of metal outdoor furniture
Three children inspecting a patio table .
Three children playing with metal furniture .
Three small boys working on a piece of furniture on a deck .
A boy pauses in drawing on a white balloon to smile at the camera , and the girl next to him also smiles at the camera .
A brunette boy and girl smile for the camera while drawing faces on a white balloon .
A girl is smiling and a young man is drawing on a white balloon .
Two smiling people with dark hair .
Two young adults smile at the camera .
A little girl plays on a toy basketball game .
Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing .
The baby in the red outfit is sitting in the middle of a basketball arcade game .
The little girl is sitting under the basket while the man throws the ball .
There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler .
A boy is being splashed by a large wave in the sea .
Two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean
Two people are in the waves .
Two people in the surf as the wave covers them .
two people jumpinjg over a large wave at the beach
Two girls clasp hands and pose for a picture .
Two girls holding hands in orange clothes
Two girls wearing orange outfits hold hands and smile .
Two smiling girls that are holding hands .
Two women wearing orange dresses hold hands .
A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park .
A kid doing a ollie in a skate park .
a man is performing a jump on a skateboard in the park .
A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background .
A skateboarder is doing a trick on the pavement .
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking , surrounded by wilderness .
A group of 6 people are sitting in chairs with a mountain in the background .
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains .
Several people in lawn chairs talking outside .
Several people relax on a porch with a view of the mountains .
A woman in pink stands in between two women who are taking pictures of something off camera .
Three older women , two of which are taking pictures .
Three women tourists take pictures of an object .
Two ladies are taking pictures and one is watching .
Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches .
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud
Two people are going over a skii jump while one looks into the camera .
two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine .
Two skiers attempt tricks while a third poses behind their jump .
Two skiing people jumping a ramp and a man looking straight ahead .
A cowgirl corners a barrel riding a horse .
A woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo .
A woman wearing a cowboy hat and a pink shirt is ridding a horse in a competition .
Someone in a pink shirt is riding a brown horse in a rodeo .
The brown horse is next to a red barrel at the rodeo .
A group of people wearing costumes jump as they walk down the street .
A group of silk clad performers dance in the street as a sparse crowd watches .
People in a parade wearing multi-colored clothes and dancing .
Street dancers in blue and red pants .
Two women in motley high kick at a parade .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk .
A guy on skateboard , doing a trick .
A man wearing a black shirt rides his skateboard along the top of a ledge .
A skateboarder in mid-jump .
The skateboarder does a trick near a construction site .
A person in a green jacket and yellow pants is on a snowboard coming down a roof into the snow .
A snowboarder goes up a ramp .
A snowboarder slides down the side of an A-frame house buried in snow .
Someone snowboards up the roof of a barn .
The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building .
A child dressed for the cold sits in the snow .
a child in red sits in the snow .
A little girl in a red snowsuit sits on a snowball in a backyard .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
The small girl in the Hello Kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball .
A man helping a boy ride a bicycle .
A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle .
A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle .
Man in yellow shirt holding bike while young boy sits on it
This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy .
A man in a purple had climbs a rocky wall with his hands .
A man with a purple hat is climbing a rock .
A man with a purple hat and bandaged hand climbs a wall of rock
A young man in a purple snow cap is rock climbing .
This young man is rock climbing
a man climbs a rock .
A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest .
A man scales a rock in the forest .
man climbing a rock
The man in the blue shirt climbs a large rock in a wooded area .
A man in a blue jacket is climbing on a rock in the woods .
A person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest .
A person is climbing a rock in a forest .
A rock climber in the forest .
A woman in blue is climbing up a big rock .
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
A poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth .
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth while running across flat land .
A white dog with curly hair runs on the sand with a stick .
A child goes skiing .
A young girl skiing alongside an adult
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult .
Man and child skiing .
The ski instructor is teaching the little girl how to bend her knees and stand on her ski 's .
A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area .
A group of people sit on a bench , waiting for the bus .
People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo .
People sit on benches .
The people under the canopy are sitting on a bench ; the mother is taking a picture of a child with her cellphone .
A dog and a cow play in the fallen snow on a farm .
Black cow jumping a fence in the snow as a dog barks and another cow watches .
three dogs are running through the snow , one of them throwing up so much snow that he can hardly be seen .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Three dogs running towards a fence in the snow .
A beautiful white bird takes off in flight .
A bird descending from the sky
A bird with a white body and grey wings is landing on lake water .
A white and black bird stretches its wings in midair .
A white bird with its wings lifted up hovers over the water .
A man holds a sleeping baby with a yellow blanket .
A man in a black shirt and hat holding a sleeping baby with a yellow afghan .
A man in a hat sits on a sofa with an infant .
A man with glasses and a hat and a baby .
Man sits on sofa holding a sleeping baby wrapped in a blanket
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow .
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow .
A small child stands in the snow and smiles .
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow .
Smiling child standing in the snow .
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow .
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog leaps in the air above the snow .
A dark dog jumps across the snow near the woods .
A black dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a huge puddle in the grass .
A black dog is splashing through soggy grass carrying a stick .
A black dog runs out of the water with a stick in its mouth .
dog running in water with stick in mouth
The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth .
A man sits by a red building while smoking .
a man sits on a red building smoking a cigarette and drinking .
A man wearing a jacket sitting and smoking a cigarette
A well-groomed young man wearing dark trousers and a military-style jacket takes a puff from a cigarette in his left hand while holding a cup in his right hand .
This man is smoking outside .
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field .
a black and brown dog runs .
A dog with no tail runs in the dirt .
a lone dog running in a dirty road
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A woman laughing and a man using a noise maker .
One girl about to blow on a streamer , while the other laughs .
One woman with blond hair smiles in the foreground while another prepares to blow a noisemaker in the background .
Two women sitting together .
Young girl blowing party popper with a laughing woman beside her .
A man falling over in an ocean wave
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .
A man is falling into waves .
a surfer falling of his board into a wave
A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean .
A basketball player in black jumps , while another in white attempts to block .
one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball
Two basketball players fighting over the ball .
Two male basketball players are fighting over a basketball .
Two young men play basketball while crowd looks on
A little boy is jumping up and down .
A young boy jumping
A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house .
Boy in orange shirt and camouflage pants jumping up
Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool , indoors .
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio .
A little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on
Three little girls dressed in white , pink , and black are at a dance class
three young girls learn ballet .
Young girls are practicing dance .
A black dog in a red collar running in the snow .
A black dog with a red collar is running on the snow .
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .
A lack dog leaps in front of a tree branch in the snow .
Cute black doing playing in snow .
a lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp .
A man dressed all in black performs a trick on a rail while wearing inline skates .
An inline skater doing a jump on a ramp .
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp .
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp .
A bunch of dogs on a beach .
Several dogs are running on the beach .
Six dogs running on the sandy beach .
Six dogs walking beside the beach .
Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .
Dogs playing in the snow
Three dogs are in the snow .
Three dogs , one black and two blond , run in the snow .
three dogs race through the snow
Three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow .
A man kicks a soccer ball on a field .
A man wearing a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball along a green field .
a man wearing blue plays soccer .
A soccer player in a blue AIG shirt is kicking the ball .
Man in AIG t-shirt playing soccer .
A guy is watching another guy jump in the air while snowboarding .
A person in orange pants is doing tricks on a snowboard while a person in a yellow cap watches .
A person sits on a snowbank watching a snowboarder take a high leap .
A person watches as a snowboarder does a fancy trick in the air
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air in a snowy area .
A basketball player aims for the goal .
A basketball player gets ready to shoot .
A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball .
A basketball player in white jumping to throw the ball , audience in the back .
There is a college basketball player shooting a jumped .
an older asian lady holding the hand of a little asian girl .
Asian woman holds little girl 's hand in park-like area , points off-camera .
A woman holding a little girls hand is pointing to something trying to show her .
A woman holds the hand of a small girl and points towards the bushes .
The woman is holding the girls hand near a bush .
A bird flies across the water .
a white bird flies over a lake .
A white bird grazes above the water .
A white crane flies over water .
The magnificant bird flies low over the water .
A dog is leaping over a tree stump .
A dog jumps off a tree stump .
a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump
A white and brown dog , wearing a bandanna , jumps through the air .
A white dog is leaping over a tree stump .
A snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp .
A snowboarder jumps off a ramp .
Man on a snowboard performing a trick high in the air .
Person in a purple coat making a jump on a snowboard .
Snowboarder jumps off high ramp over icy landscape .
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
a yellow car driving through a lot of snow
A yellow car is drifting through snow .
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
A black dog clutches a pink purse in his teeth and runs .
A black dog is running on the grass with a pink purse in its mouth .
A brown dog retrieves a pink toy .
A little black dog is running in the grass with a pink purse in its mouth .
The wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles .
people are posing for a picture on a bunch of rocks near a shed
A group of friends sit on rocks and pose for a picture .
Five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed
Four women and one men sitting on some rocks , a wooden house to the left .
Friends sitting in the rocks for photo .
A couple standing under a sign .
A couple stands in front of a wooden sign on top of a hill .
Two people standing outside in front of a wooden marker .
Two people stand next to a wood cross on a grassy hill .
Two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross .
A black dog is playing in the snow .
A black dog jumping and playing in the snow near a chain link fence .
A black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest .
A black poodle is playing with the snow .
The black dog plays in the snow .
A black dog runs through the snow .
A black poodle frolics in the snow .
A black poodle is running in the snow .
A black poodle plays in the snow .
A black standard poodle running through the snow in a fenced-in yard .
A male soccer player wearing a red uniform jumping in the air and pulling up his shorts .
A soccer player pulls his shorts up .
A soccer player wearing a red costume makes an obscene gesture .
Man in red sports uniform and blue shoes jumping and pull up legs of shorts .
We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .
Two guitarists dressed in white perform .
Two guitar players dressed in white
Two men in white suits play the guitar on a stage .
Two men wearing all white kneel on the floor , palying guitar .
Two men wearing white suits play guitar onstage .
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure .
A group of children mostly wearing white uniform shirts sit and wait .
A group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class .
A large group of girls are all staring in the same direction .
The young girls are listening with books in front of them .
A woman in a white baseball hat reveals her tan line to her friend , who wears a sun hat
A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat .
A young girl in a white hat with an older woman in a tan hat .
The Asian girl in white is standing next to the woman in green is carrying a basket .
Two women looking at the arm of the woman on the left .
two boys , one in yellow shorts and one in red shorts , are playing with body boards in the ocean .
Two children are practicing boogie boarding in the ocean .
Two children with wake-boards are standing in deep water .
Two young boys in the water with small surfboards .
Two young boys with boogie boards stand knee deep in water .
A man is snowboarding over a pipe .
A man snowboards over an upturned garbage can in the woods .
A person in a black jacket and light blue pants appears in the air with a custom snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard is in the air jumping over a trashcan on a snowmobile .
A snowboard jumps over an upturned garbage can .
One woman makes thread on a spindle while another woman braids a thirds hair .
Three people are setting inside a grass shelter .
Three women sit in a village .
Three women sit together near woven walls .
Two girls primping a third girl in village setting .
A bunch of people and some camels .
A group of men and some camels are in front of some water .
Men with camels gather on a beach .
People and camels at a beach .
People and camels sitting and standing on beach
A blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels .
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on .
A blonde girl surfing down a sandy hill
A woman is snowboarding down an incline while another woman stands behind .
a young person sliding down a sandy hill .
A lone snowboarder wearing a white jacket jumping into the air on the snowy mountains .
A snowboarder flies through the air in front of leafless trees .
a snowboarder gets some air .
A snowboarder in green pants and a white jacket is jumping high in the air .
Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air .
A skier is airborne with his skis crossed .
A skier performs a jumping trick on the slopes .
Man flying through the air on skis over a mountain .
The man is doing a jump while skiing .
There is a skier getting some air on the slopes .
The boys are playing with Legos .
Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background .
Two boys play with Legos .
Two kids are playing with a box of Legos .
Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos .
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him .
One dog carries a ball as it is being chased by two more dogs .
Three dogs play in the park with the brown dog getting the ball .
Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball .
Two large dogs chase after another dog that has a ball in his mouth and runs from them .
A man on a snowboard is grinding a ramp .
a skier on a snowy ski jump
A snowboarder is riding down a ramp amidst snow .
A snowboarder prepares to go over a ramp .
Snowboarding practice on a snowy hillside
A mother is holding her child on a train .
A person holding a baby points out the window at the camera .
A woman and baby are sitting in the window seat of a bus .
a woman holding a young baby inside the window of a train
Young family eating a snack , shown through a window .
A man in a black jacket is beside the window of a coffee shop looking down .
A man in a dark jacket looking down .
A man wearing a black jacket looking down .
A man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down .
An older man in a black jacket looking down .
A distorted picture of a guy on a motorbike in a forest
A guy on a bike in the forest .
A man on a motorcycle in the woods wearing a black helmet .
A mountain biker in the forest .
A mountain biker riding through a forest .
A cyclist in a midair jump .
A man on a bike in the air he is wearing a blue hsirt and a yellow and white helmet .
A person has ridden their bicycle into the air .
A person riding a bike jumps through the air high above a bumpy racetrack .
Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail .
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .
A dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth .
A dog is plling a very large branch out of the water .
A dog is walking through the water carrying a large stick in its mouth .
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water , with stick in mouth .
A black man in a blue shirt stands next to a black man in a red robe .
A man wearing a red cloth stands next to a man wearing a blue cloth .
Black men in poor neighborhood .
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop .
Two people , one in blue and one in red , stand in front of a building .
A line of bikers on a busy street
Busy street full of cars and bike riders .
Five people on bikes in traffic with man watching from the side of the road .
Group of cyclists spotted on an Asian highway .
Men in a bicycle race ride through the streets of China .
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
Two children are riding through snow on a sled-like frame .
Two children play on the road on a snowy day .
Two kids riding on sleds
two young children RIF=ding sleds down the snow .
A boy , bundled up , siting on a one person sleigh , in the snow .
A child in blue sitting on a sled in the snow .
A kid sits on a skiing device in the snow .
A small child is riding on a toboggan .
There is a child on a sled type machine , in the snow .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods .
a dog takes a large stick in its mouth .
A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water .
A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water .
The white dog is pulling a large stick .
A girl walks on a sidewalk while talking on a cellphone .
A woman walking while talking on the phone .
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cellphone .
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone .
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
A bird soars with wings spread .
A bird with blue and white feathers and a long pointy beak is flying through the air .
A long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
A white bird flies agains the backdrop of green foliage .
A white bird flying over trees
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .
Two boys , one black and one white , standing arm in arm .
Two boys put their arms around each other and pose .
Two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .
Two young boys with their arms around one another .
A fan sitting on someone 's shoulders is waving to a woman on a stage that says Amnesty International .
A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer onstage at a concert .
A woman onstage points to a man holding up his hand
A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her
Woman onstage at Amnesty International event exchanges gestures with man offstage .
A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top .
Two bicyclists ride on a road near a green hilly area , one is blurry .
two bikers bike across the countryside .
Two people ride bike in countryside .
Two people , wearing long sleeves and helmets , ride bikes downhill .
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing .
A surfer is riding numerous waves .
A surfer on a roiling wave .
A surfer rides on a very rough wave .
Person surfing on a white surfboard .
A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on .
A man with an orange vest is shoveling rocks .
A man with a yellow vest shovels rocks while another man watches .
One construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches .
The man , wearing a worker 's vest , is shoveling rocks .
A man with a white guitar plays with another in a striped shirt .
One guy sings while another plays guitar .
Two men are playing in a band .
two men performing each playing guitars while one is singing
Two young men are playing guitars in the corner of a room .
A man in a purple shirt sits with a woman on the subway and smiles .
An oriental man and woman are sitting in a subway train .
Three commuters sit on a train .
Three people are sitting on a subway car .
Two guys are sitting and a lady is sleeping .
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster .
A man is lighting a smoke outside of a building .
a man lighting a cigarette near a dumpster in an ally .
A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster .
The man is lighting a cigarette outside the back of a building .
A dog runs along a beach near the waves .
A white and brown dog runs along the shoreline .
A white and tan dog is running on a beach .
A white dog is running on wet rocks .
A white dog running along side a river
A five man band is rehearsing .
A group of kids sat around and played their instruments .
A group of men in a darkened room , playing musical instruments .
Band practice is cramped quarters .
Several men are gathered around musical instruments and a microphone .
A black and white dog is performing tricks on a course .
A border collie runs by a course with a ball in its mouth .
A dog is running an obstacle course while a man in blue stands behind .
A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course .
There is a black and white dog running on a mat with a man in a blue shirt watching .
A man in a costume poses with two young boys .
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume
Two boys pose with an action hero .
Two young boys are posing for a picture with a character from the Power Rangers .
Two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a Power Ranger .
The dogs are running through the water
three black and white dogs running through a watery field .
Three dogs running through a puddle .
Three dogs run through a soggy field .
Three dogs run through water and grass .
A dog in a field .
A large brown dog is playing in the dirt and grass .
A tiger striped dog stands in a weird position and looks to the side .
Dog looks toward a shadow
The dog is in the yard .
A man in a wet-suit is suspended from a para-surfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board .
a man is wakeboarding in a lake
A man kite surfing creates a wave .
A man wakeboarding
The man is parasailing and doing a trick .
A group of people on skis with two dogs .
A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog .
Four people holding each others shoulders with a brown dog in front of them , standing on snow .
People dressed in costumes are on skis .
People , some dressed in costumes , and dogs on a snowy mountain .
A child in the snow .
A child walking in the snow .
A person with a blue hat stands in trails in the snow .
A young boy walks across tracks in the snow .
The child is wearing a blue hat and green jacket while walking through snow .
A baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines .
A baseball player is following through with an action nearby a teammate .
A baseball player strains to throw a ball .
A yougn boy in a blue and white baseball uniform throwing a baseball while tucking his glove close to his body .
The baseball player wearing blue is throwing the ball .
A wet dog running in a dry field .
Black and white dog running outside .
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land .
The dog is running with his tongue hanging out of his mouth .
The white and black dog is running through a field .
A man drives a motorbike while another man falls off of it and into the mud .
A motocross bike and sidecar team are riding around a bend on a muddy circuit .
The man falls out of the sidecar into a puddle during the race .
Two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle .
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .
A man in a green-glow vest is standing next to an orange advertising sign .
A man in a security vest stands by a sign .
a man in a yellow hi-viz jacket is standing beside and orange sign .
A security guard points at a sign .
A security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement .
A bird is flapping its wings on the water .
A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water .
A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water .
Duck flapping wings .
Mallard duck swimming out in the water .
A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing .
A woman , in a blue and black wetsuit , is water boarding .
a woman surfer on a white surfboard riding a large wave
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .
A young woman is waterskiing
Brown dog and two black dogs have three-way tug on red object , outdoors .
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
Three large dogs , one brown and the others black , tussle over a red toy in the grass outside a building .
two black dogs and a brown dog are tugging at a red object with their mouths .
Two black dogs are tugging on a red toy that is in a brown dog 's mouth .
A grey haired in a wetsuit poised in the water .
A group of surfers in wetsuits are trying to catch a wave .
A man is running through the water alongside others doing the same .
A wave crashing through a group of people wearing wetsuits and goggles .
The swimmers are getting ready to race wearing black swimmers .
A female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match .
A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball .
Children play football .
Young people are engaged in a game .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
A group of dressed-up people talking .
a group of five young people all dressed in black in a dimlight room
A total of five people in black clothes are having conversations in a plain white room .
Three men and two women talking .
Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair , except for one blonde woman , hold separate conversations .
A small girl in yellow slides down an orange slide .
A young girl dressed in yellow sliding down a curvy , red slide at a playground .
A young girl on an orange slide
A young girl sliding down an orange slide
Little girl sliding down an orange playground slide .
A busy plaza with several people having conversations .
A crowd of people stand talking in a business district .
A group of people in winter coats stand in front of a large building .
A small group of people is chatting in a city plaza .
A street scene with people of many ages and backgrounds .
A dog eats peanut butter out of a jar .
A dog is eating peanut butter out of a jar .
a dog licks the peanut butter jar .
A small white and tan dog licking up peanut butter .
The dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar .
A boy is doing a skateboard trick outdoors .
A man wearing a red shirt , hat and brown pants is on a skateboard going down a ramp .
A skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope .
a skateboarder jumps over a highway guard rail .
Skateboarder jumping over a fence .
A woman shows off a newborn baby to a young boy and girl .
a woman holding a baby with two children around her
Two children and an adult admire a newborn baby held by the adult .
Two women , a little boy , and a baby .
Woman holding baby and young girl and boy look on .
A group of people posing for a picture .
A man flirts with a woman in a white tank top .
A woman in shorts and a white top is taking a picture with a digital camera as a young man watches .
Pleople at a party , their backs to the camera .
The man and woman are talking outside at night .
A man and another person in shadow watch a street parade at night .
A man sits while in the distance other men are shirtless wearing kilts .
A man watching something that other people are doing .
The man is standing on the sidelines looking at people holding blue signs .
Two people watching the crowd in front of them .
A group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other .
A group of people at an art show of photographs
A group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall .
People are gathered around and there are some photographs on the wall .
Several people are standing in front of a white wall with pictures on it .
a black and brown dog digging through the snow .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog is rubbing its face in the snow .
A large black dog rubs its face in the snow .
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs .
Two dogs jump on each other in the snow .
Two dogs play and appear to be hugging in the snow .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area .
Lambs on a grassy hill .
There are three lambs : one white , one black , and one spotted .
Three lambs are in a field .
Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill .
Young sheep in the grass .
A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .
A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow .
A dog plays in the snow .
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow .
A brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth .
A brown dog in the snow holding a pink hat .
A brown dog is holding a pink shirt in the snow .
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow .
A dog with something pink in its mouth is looking forward .
A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city .
A man on a bicycle sits at a stop light with headphones on .
A man riding a blue bicycle on a main road stops at a stoplight .
Man with sunglasses and headphones riding a bike .
The man is riding his bike and listening to music .
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water .
A person wakeboarding in the water .
A wakeboarder .
The man riding a board on calm waters is silhouetted by the sunlight .
There is a man surfing at night .
A woman in a red coat with a man in a white and black coat and a black dog in the snow .
Two people and a dog are in the snow .
Two people are interacting with a dog that has bitten an object one of them is holding .
Two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog .
Two people playing on a snowy hill .
A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt .
Three people , wearing parachutes , are free-falling together through the sky .
Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds .
Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky .
Two people are parachuting over white clouds .
A brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock .
A dog has waded through shallow water to reach a rock outcropping .
A light brown dog is splashing in the water with its paw .
A small brown dog is about ready to exit the water after a swim .
A yellow dog in shallow water .
A baseball player swings at a baseball .
A batter prepares to swing at a ball .
Ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball .
Catcher crouches behind baseball hitter .
The man in the dark blue jersey is holding a bat , and the catcher is holding his mitt out .
A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her .
A woman and child sit on a bench in a yard covered with fallen leaves .
A woman in a red shirt and bandanna and a girl in a blue shirt are sitting on a large swing in front of a house
The mother and child have a personal moment in the yard .
Womand and girl sitting on a wooden swing
A woman in purple is on a purple bike wearing a blue and red helmet .
A woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline .
a woman wearing purple on a purple bike doing a trick on a ramp
The helmeted girl perches on a bike .
The woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle .
A black dog carries a tree branch through the woods .
A black dog holding a small branch .
A brown and black dog carries a precariously long stick in his mouth in the wooded area .
A dog carries a large stick .
A rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods .
A man is sitting atop a mountain and looking down over a green valley .
A man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below .
A man sits on a cliff edge while looking out on the hills .
A man sits on a hill overlooking the coutryside .
A man sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking a deep valley .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill .
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley .
A child in a tie dye shirt and one in a white shirt are on a climbing wall .
A child in a Tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child .
The children take a crack at rock climbing .
Two children climbing a rock climbing wall .
Two kids climb a rock wall .
Boys wearing hats play in a soccer game .
Soccer competition , with two boys in red and one in blue
two children are playing soccer
Two kids in red jerseys are playing soccer .
Two uniformed boys play soccer .
A few people sitting at the bottom of a grassy hill .
A group of people rest near a hill and cliff .
a group of people sitting on the side of a huge grassy mountain .
A group of people sitting on top of a hillside .
The green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down .
A brown dog is lowering his head near a smaller white dog outdoors .
A small white dog and a large brown dog .
Small and Large dog playing in the field .
The small dog teases the large dog in the field .
Two dogs .
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting .
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn .
A person skiing down a snowy hill .
A person wearing blue , white , and red gear skiing down a steep slope .
A skier making a sharp turn on a slope .
The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom
A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick .
A shirtless man rides a skateboard .
A shirtless man skateboarding with his arms in the air .
A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .
The skateboarder enjoys night skating at the skate park .
a young girl jumping out of the water at a pool
A young girl whips her hair over her head in a public pool
Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head .
Girl slinging water out of hair while in a pool .
Little girl in watermelon swimsuit , emerges from pool and flips wet hair .
A man wearing a gray swimsuit stands in the water amidst white waves .
A surfer stands in a crashing wave .
a surfer surfs .
A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him .
Young man with black shorts jumping in the ocean waves .
A goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie ready for the puck .
A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
A person guarding a hockey goal .
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
A group of people dressed up colorfully .
A group of people stand while wearing bright and colorful costumes .
Four people are standing in front of a white building wearing colorful costumes .
People dressed in colorful Mardis Gras outfits pose very suggestively for the camera .
People in colorful costumes and masks .
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts .
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts .
People in costumes are walking around in the street .
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk .
Two people in lavish costumes standing on the street .
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp .
A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on .
A skateboarder doing a trick on a handrail .
a skateboarder grinds the rail .
Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail .
A person wearing protective gear on a snowboard in the air above snow .
A snowboarder doing a jump on a K2 snowboard .
A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run .
a snow-boarder is performing a jump whilst riding on a pink snowboard .
A snowboarder makes a jump and does a trick with his pink , blue & black board .
A goalie blocks the puck while holding a white hockey stick .
A hockey goalie crouches on the ice .
A hockey goalie in a game on the ice .
A hockey player tries to block the puck from the goal .
Hockey goalie on his knees looking down
A bicycler does tricks under an overpass .
A bmx jumping into a drainage area .
A boy on a bike does a stunt on a ramp filled with graffiti .
A boy on a bike is doing a stunt high in the air .
A stunt bicycle rider performs under an overpass covered in graffiti .
A basketball player for Miami U. pushes forward .
A basketball player runs while another tries to block him .
A basketball player runs while dribbling the ball .
Referee blows whistle as basketball player attempts to block another with the ball .
The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand .
A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game .
A basketball player wearing a white uniform is dribbling the ball on the court .
A man wearing a white uniform dribbles the basketball during a game .
A professional basketball player dribbles the ball around the opposing player .
Basketball player pushes away opponent
A biker gets high in the air against a skyline .
A boy wearing a white helmet jumping on his bike .
a cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in front of a city skyline .
A man is in the air on his bicycle .
A person doing a bicycle jump , a skyline in the background .
An artist painting on a small canvas
A woman standing on a lawn painting a picture .
A woman wearing overalls standing at an easel painting a picture .
Girl in blue coverall painting
The lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist 's easel .
A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim .
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team .
A basketball player is scoring a basket .
Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game .
two teams playing basketball on a court in a stadium .
A man is standing on a sidewalk in the background with a blurry image of another man in the foreground .
A man stands at a busy bus stop .
a man stands next to a bus .
People in the city .
People walking down the street and past an open bus .
A band , wearing matching shirts , is playing music with a brick wall behind them .
A group of men sing and play instruments .
Band plays in tight quarters .
Four band members singing and playing .
Several men dressed in back jumpsuites sing and play instruments .
A hockey player during a game .
A hockey player in helmet .
A hockey player looks intently downward .
There is a hockey player in the middle of a game .
This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet .
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
A man playing tennis .
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball .
The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet .
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick off a wooden ramp as spectators watch .
A skateboarder performs while others watch nearby .
The skateboarder is taking a jump .
A child is wearing a blue hat and snowsuit with red skis on their feet .
A child skis across the snowy ground .
A small child in a blue hat and coat skis on the snow .
a young skier looks at the camera .
There is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow .
A woman , covered in a red and blue shawl , smoking a cigarette , eyes closed .
A woman with a black sweatband is wrapped in a blue , red and yellow blanket and is smoking .
A woman with a headband wearing a blue , yellow and red hooded jacket .
The woman with a colorful blanket is smoking a pipe .
The woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense .
A girl is standing on a graffiti covered stone with something in her mouth .
A girl is standing on a painted slab of cement and twisting her body to look up at the camera .
A girl poses for the camera , with her mouth open and a yellow stick coming out of it .
A girl stands on a graffitied wall , her head skewed sideways .
The girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right .
A boy playing basketball , trying to block a shot .
One basketball player in a white uniform jumps up to block another player in a blue uniform with the ball .
The boy in blue has the ball , and the boy in white is airborne .
The boys play basketball .
The opposing basketball players are making a play with an audience nearby .
A male on Rollerblades skating down a railing next to stairs .
A man is rollerblading down a white railing beside a red brick building .
A man is skating down a rail above some steps .
A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp .
An in-line skater grinding on a rail .
A boy wearing mirror sunglasses .
A boy wears sunglasses .
A chubby faced boy with sunglasses .
A little boy with his sunglasses on .
Young boy wearing sunglasses , and a brown shirt with black swirls .
A black dog is chasing a tan and white dog on a sunny day .
A black dog is running behind a brown and white dog across a low cut field .
A brown and white dog runs through the grass chased by a black dog .
Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field .
two dogs running in grassy area
A bicyclist in blue goes up a hill by the woods .
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
A woman rides her bike up a hill near the woods .
A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path .
A woman mountain biker with a backpack bikes up a hill .
A black and tan dog running in a field
a brown and black dog running through a large grassy field .
A dog gets ready to catch something in the grass .
A tan and black dog runs over a green field with its mouth open .
The tan and black dog is running across the grass .
Two asian men walking down the street holding red bags .
Two Asian men walking with red bags
Two men are carrying red bags on the street beside a white metal fence .
Two men walking by a fence holding red shopping bags .
Two men walk together outdoors carrying red bags from a store .
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water , on grass .
The two children are being sprayed by water
Two children playing in a spray of water .
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water .
A dark-haired man in a red t-shirt , with a beard , playing the guitar in a park .
A man in a red shirt plays guitar in a park .
A man is sitting and playing guitar on the grass .
a man sitting in the grass , playing his guitar , wearing a red shirt
a man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass .
A group of children wearing blue and yellow uniforms put their hangs together .
A soccer team with blue jerseys is huddled together with their hands touching above their heads .
A young flag football team are huddled together .
Boys huddle during a soccer game .
Soccer players in blue before a game .
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick .
A dirt biker who is sideways in the air having come off of a dirt jump .
A motorbiker racer performs an aerial stunt as he flies over a dirt hill in the woods .
A person on a dirt bike doing a trick over a hill .
A person on a dirt bike soaring through the air sideways .
Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees .
two asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes
Two Asian women dressed in black .
Two girls in black dresses .
Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of browm trees .
A boy in a black cap break dancing
A young adult dances on his hand .
Guy break dancing on brick floor in front of students ' union .
One man watches while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .
The male teenager is break dancing on the red and black tiled floor .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
The dog with the red collar is bearing its teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs .
Two dogs , one with mouth open .
A helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder balancing on a wall
A snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
A man in a swimsuit walks on a tightrope .
Man falling off a tightrope
The men are walking barefoot on a tightrope .
Two students try to walk a tightrope on a campus quad , but one falls off .
Young people practice walking on the high wire .
A boy jumps off of an open air staircase .
A person jumping off of an outdoor staircase .
A person jumping step railing .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
The young man wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue jeans is hopping over the railing on the fence .
Girls huddle in field of plants , one holding leaf bundle .
The two asian girls smile at the camera in the field of yellow flowers .
Twho girls pose behind yellow wildflowers .
Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field .
Two young ladies are sitting in some yellow flowers and smiling .
A guy gettin some air on a skateboard
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air .
A skateboarder flies through the air by the side of the road .
A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp .
a skateboarder jumping on a wall with a mountain in the background
A skier in yellow pants goes down a slope .
A skier swishing down a mountain trail .
A skier wearing bright yellow pants is skiing down a snowy mountain .
Person in black jacket and green pants skiing downhill
Someone skiing down an empty mountain .
Two girls are riding camels while another girl looks at them .
Two girls on camels
Two people each riding a camel with one person with back to camera in front .
Two women ride camels , while a third watches .
Two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches .
A boy and a girl ride on two seperate camels .
Two females ride camels backs .
two girls ride camels .
Two kids are riding camels nearby rural structures overlooked by mountains .
Two kids on camel back in desert
A boy in a dusty alley playing stickball .
A boy swings a piece of wood .
A child swings a bat next to a stone wall .
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street .
A girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall .
A girl on a skateboard is riding on a cement ledge next to a fence .
A girl 's hair flips up while she rides down the stairs on a skateboard .
A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard
A skateboarder 's hair flies through the air .
A group of boys playing street soccer .
A group of young kids watch a group of older kids play soccer on a city street .
Children play soccer on a narrow city street .
Kids outside on the street playing soccer .
The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street .
A white dog carries a bottle in its mouth through the snow .
A white dog carries a soda bottle on the snowy ground .
A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth .
A white dog runs through the snow with a Mountain-Dew bottle .
The white dog is drinking mountain dew in the snow .
Lots of people are playing in the river that runs through the city and in the sandy park beside it .
Lots of people play in the water at the beach .
Many people are on the beach next to palm trees .
Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves .
People on a beach .
people are walking in an industrial area
An ant 's-eye-view of people walking along a street
Many people are walking in the city near tall buildings .
several people walking on a busy sidewalk
The feet of a group of pedestrians in an urban area .
A man in a grey winter hat and purple sweatshirt skateboarding .
A man Rollerblades on a skate course .
An inline skater wearing a purple jacket is performing a trick on a ramp .
guy rollerskating on skate ramp
Man with purple sweater at the top of a skateboard ramp .
A crowd of women and children looking at the photographer .
A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes .
A group of colorfully clothed people are sitting in a market .
Numerous African Americans wearing various types of clothing .
People from an African village are sitting on the ground .
A group of dark skinned children are sitting beside a red metal container .
A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster .
a group of people sitting outside in the dirt on the ground .
A large group of people sitting near a shipping container .
Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground .
A boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach .
A child in a red shirt is using a black wakeboard to splash over a beach wave .
A kid with read hair boy boarding in the ocean
A young boy with a red shirt surfing on a black surfboard .
A young child wearing a red t-shirt rides a surfboard over a wave .
A climber on a snowy mountain
A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside .
A man climbs a snowy mountain .
A mountain climber with a yellow backpack is walking on the side of a mountain .
A person cycling through snowy mountains .
Two bandmates in white play guitar .
Two men are playing guitars together
Two men in white play guitars .
Two men in white suits are playing electric guitars .
Two musicians in white suits play guitars while surrounded by associated gear and a red curtain .
A person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow .
A skier flies over a cliff .
A skier wearing red flies off the edge of a snow covered rock .
A snowboarder clears the air over a snow-covered cliff .
This person is snowboarding off a hill .
a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background
An Afican American woman standing behind two small African American children .
An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder .
A woman and two children pose for a picture under some rocks .
A woman in purple with two children in the mouth of a cave .
A group of people on the slopes , a person is skating boarding , and a bunch of people are surrounding him .
Airborne snowboarder in front of a crowd .
A snowboarder in the air as others watch .
a snowboarder jumps high .
A snowboarder jumps while spectators watch .
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park .
a young boy is rollerblading across a wide open space .
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park .
A young inline skater balances with outstretched arms as he skates over the pavement .
A young inline skater takes a spin in the skate park .
A boy doing a skateboard trick
A skateboarder is balancing on a wall while a group of other boys watch .
A skateboarder on a ramp , doing a trick .
The boy is performing a trick on a skateboard .
The skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background .
A group of men are standing on a desert road whilst one man hands a blue box to another .
A man handing a box to a group of men .
A man is handing a box to another man in a group .
A man wearing a backwards blue cap hands something to one man in a line of men .
Older black man handing small blue object to group of younger black men , outdoors .
African American men receiving plates of food out of a window .
A group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window .
A man wearing a red striped shirt reaches for a plate of food while others wait .
Five men are getting plates of rice from a small home restaurant
People in line for plates of rice .
A boy and a girl are riding on a camel in the sand on the beach .
A woman and child riding camels near the ocean .
Children riding on a camel by a body of water .
Two girls ride on the hump of a camel .
Two young girls ride a camel near water .
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road .
A man in black carrying an orange backpack stands next to a red backpack that is laying in the snow .
A man stands at dusk on an almost-pristine , snowy road , lit only by headlights .
A person stands in the snow at the edge of a mountain .
A traveler on a snowy road
a girl and a woman ride a camel .
People ride two camels at the beach .
Two camels are walking along the beach carrying two girls .
Two children , sitting on the backs of camels , near the ocean .
Two people are seated on a camel while another camel is in the foreground .
Two blonde female wrestlers in the ring .
Two female professional wrestlers are in a ring in the air and about to hit the floor .
Two female wrestlers with long , blonde hair , fighting in front of a crowd .
Two women wrestle in front of a crowd .
Two women wrestling in an arena .
A boy looks up into a woman 's face .
A child embraces its mother 's red coat .
A child puts his hands to the belly of a woman in a red coat .
A young boy is touching the stomach of a pregnant woman .
The woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket .
A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera .
A man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists
a man and woman hug .
A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists .
There is a man and woman holding up their arms and showing their heart tattoos .
Men stand on horses .
One man in blue tunic and one man in yellow tunic standing on the backs of three horses .
two guy standing on horses , while a crowd watches
Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air .
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade .
A small dog walks with men in the city .
some people waiting to cross a busy street in Portland Oregon .
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .
Three guys are waiting to cross the street . One has a dog .
Three people wait to cross a city street and one has a dog on a leash .
A skier doing a flip in a wooded area .
A skier on red skis is flipping upside down between two trees .
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape .
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle .
A motorcyclist in yellow .
A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike .
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road .
A yellow motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
a bunch of people drinking at a bar in a club .
A man is smiling with one hand on his forehead at a crowded bar .
A man wearing a black jacket and white shirt is talking to a woman at a bar .
The people are gathered at a bar .
Various people are talking together at a bar .
A man doing a wheelie on a dirt bike .
a man in a blue jumpsuit popping a wheelie on a motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt .
A motorcyclist " pops a wheelie " in a grassy field framed by rolling hills .
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle in mostly barren ground
A brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow .
a brown and white dog growling in the snow
A mean looking dog is in the snow and showing his teeth .
A tan a white dog bears its teeth in the snow
The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .
A black-striped cat is looking at a cord it has pinned with a paw .
A cat licks itself on a tile floor .
A striped cat is on the pathway .
A tabby cat licking its left front leg .
Closeup image of a cat licking his front leg .
A bunch of people walking down the street .
Adults and children dressed for cold weather in a road race .
A group of people run down a city street .
Many people are jogging along the street by a green fence .
Many people run in a race on a street .
A person is holding a camera while a skier does a trick .
A skier doing a trick by a snow mound while a man films it with a camera .
a skier is being filmed by a man with video camera on a jib .
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
Two dogs and a truck .
Two dogs on their hind legs interlocking their front legs .
Two dogs play on the grass .
Two dogs , the white one standing on a Frisbee , playing together on grass .
Two furry tri-colored dogs playing in the grass .
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs , one holding something in its mouth , in the snow .
Two dogs on the beach .
Two dogs walk in the snow , the larger dog has a fish in his mouth .
A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie stops the puck .
People playing hockey .
Several hockey players move toward the puck next to a goal .
Two hockey teams compete .
A dog runs in the snow .
An off-white dog has his mouth open as he bounds through the fenced-in snowy area .
A white dog runs past a fence on a snowy day .
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow .
A white poodle is running in the snow , near a chain link fence .
a lone skier skiing through the snow .
A man in a red jacket is skiing .
A man skiing wearing goggles .
A skier races down a mountain in an orange jacket .
A skier in a red coat going down a hill .
A boy in a blue and white tie dye t-shirt is skateboarding on the railing of a building .
A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing .
A kid is skateboarding on a handrail .
A skateboarder goes down a stair railing .
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building .
A bike rider in the air with the sky as background .
A boy jumps on his bike .
A kid riding a bike jumps up and does a trick in midair .
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun .
The person is doing a trick on a bike at dusk .
A bicyclist is in midair on a cloudy day .
A man on a bicycle , airborne .
A man on a bike in midair
A man on a bike in midair
A person on a bmx bike .
A fluffy dog holds a stick in its mouth on a beach .
a small white dog catching a stick on the shore at the beach .
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean .
A white dog is running along a beach with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .
An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick .
an asian woman holds her fur scarf .
Asian woman in traditional dress and white fur collar
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is looking down while inside a crowd of people .
Girl wears white feather boa and kimono .
A blue boat with a yellow canopy is floating on calm waters .
A boat in the water .
A boat with a roof on green water .
The boat is in the middle of the water .
The solitude boat floats on the lake .
A man and a woman watch two dogs .
One huge dog and one little dog are on a path with a tall man and shorter woman .
Two dogs and two people in the woods .
Two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind .
Two women with their dogs on a forest path .
A girl in a white and pink sweater is looking up through tree branches .
A little girl with black hair pokes her head through tree branches .
An Asian little girl hugs two tree branches .
A young asian girl stands between two tree trunks .
Small girl wearing a white sweater standing between branches of a tree with green leaves .
A Japanese man and woman are walking past a green car .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt in front of a sign written in an Asian language .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt smile while walking next to cars .
An oriental man and woman walk smiling past signs and automobiles
Asian couple walking on sidewalk and smiling
Cyclists are leaping into the air whilst being watched by spectators .
Three dirt bike racers head over a jump .
Three men form an arch during a BMX bike race sponsored by Coca-Cola .
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .
Three riders wearing black jerseys jump their BMX bikes into the air .
A brown dog on the sand .
A brown dog plays in the sand near a man in a green cap .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch something .
A dog is jumping up for the ball while playing catch in the sand .
A dog playing ball in the sand .
A man with a blue shirt posing with a taller man in sunglasses
A man with glasses and a blue and black striped shirt and another man wearing a brown jacket pose for a picture .
One man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city .
Two men are standing on a street surrounded by buildings .
Two men wearing eyeglasses standing together .
A man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward .
A man standing at the door of a vehicle , with another sitting , glancing out the window .
People ride a bus or trolley .
some people riding an old bus
Three passengers on a train car .
A snowboarder clothed in red is in the middle of a jump from a snowy hill .
A snowboarder in midair
A snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air .
A snowboarder soars through the air .
The snowboarder is in the air .
A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people .
Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail .
Several brown dogs of different sizes gather together .
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby .
Three women are standing among a group of brown dogs .
A black sheep with three white dogs .
four white dogs are standing beside a black sheep .
The white dogs look curiously at the black llama .
Three white dogs are near a black llama .
White dogs stand near a sheep or llama .
A brown and white dog is running .
A brown and white dog is running through dead grass .
a brown and white dog with his tongue sticking out jumping on some grass
A dog and a ball .
A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair .
A group of 5 people making different expressions .
five teenagers cheering in a living room
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate .
Three boy teenagers and two female teenagers are making excited facial expressions .
Three guys and two girls are watching something and getting excited .
A man and woman are standing outside a store .
The man and woman are wearing kimonos and are standing in a store .
There are two oriental people in robes standing next to some shelves .
Two people are standing inside of a market .
Two people talking wearing kimonos in the middle of a shopping area .
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .
Two girls pet a small kangaroo in a grassy field .
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo .
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park .
Two women pet a kangaroo in a park .
A group of dogs are playing together in snow .
A pack of dogs playing in the snow .
Four dogs are playing on a field covered in snow .
Two black and two white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two black dogs and 2 white dogs interact with one another in a snowy field .
A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick .
a person snowboarding over a large hump with onlookers in front of him
People are watching a snowboarder perform a trick in the air .
Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump .
Spectators watch a snowboarder in mid-flight amid a snowy landscape .
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk .
a girl doing a cartwheel in front of a crowd
A woman is doing a backwards flip in front of a crowd of other people sitting on the sidewalk .
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd .
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched .
A person jumping on their snowboard .
A snowboarder in black and yellow is jumping on a purple snowboard .
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .
Snowboarder in yellow pants and white helmet in midair .
Snowboarder holding onto board while in midair .
A man skis while wearing a parachute .
A parachute skier lifting off from the ground .
A person attached to a parasail and wearing equipment on his feet is suspended in midair over a snowy landscape , while silhouetted against a sunny , blue sky .
A person gliding on a parachute in the air .
They are gliding through the air , backed by a low sun .
A group of people are standing in front of some stores .
People stand on a sidewalk outside of retail stores .
People walking or talking on a city street .
Several people in front of stores .
Two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store .
A dancing girl performs a high kick in a parade .
A girl in a black t-shirt doing a jump while other girls walk behind her during a parade .
A woman jumps in the air as others walk behind her in the street .
Girl kicking in midair surrounded by onlookers
The young dancer marches in the parade .
A boy jumps high on his skateboard .
A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail .
A skateboarder rides the rails .
Man skateboarding
Tbe boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path .
Dirtbikers race on a muddy track .
Two BMX bikers on a muddy course .
Two boys riding their dirt bikes in the mud .
two dirt bike riders ride their dirt bikes .
Two people riding dirt bikes on a bike trail .
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt .
A soccer player in black shorts is jumping into the air .
The person in the red and black uniform has a ball above her head .
A black and white bird getting ready to land on the water .
A large bird flaps its wings above the water .
A long legged white bird is landing in the water .
Bird hovers above water .
White bird with red eyes gets ready for a landing .
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .
A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth .
A dog runs through the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a stick through snow .
A large brown and white dog is carrying a stick through a white and snowy area .
A brown and white dog is running up a grassy hill .
A dog is running up a grassy hill .
A dog on a grassy hill .
A dog running uphill
a white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill .
A bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch .
a biker jumps over a pile of dirt .
A man in blue jeans is jumping a bike over hills of dirt .
A man jumps off a ramp on his bike .
A man rides a bicycle over a dirt ramp .
A young girl in jeans is standing on a tree limb posing for the camera .
A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree .
girl posing on tree
There is a young girl in jeans and a striped shirt standing on a tree branch .
The young girl is standing in a tree .
A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky .
A brown dog runs on brown grass .
A golden colored dug prances in the grass .
The brown dog is playing outdoors .
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area .
A man in a burnt red shirt carrying a shoulder bag walking along a city street .
A man in a red t-shirt , gray hair stand with a black backpack over his shoulder .
A man wearing a red shirt looks to the left while standing in a city .
Man carrying his shoulder bag walking down the street .
The man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets .
two dancers each wearing black outfits with battons in midair
Two girls in black toss their guns in the air .
Twome women in black jumpsuits throw objects in the air in sync .
Two women in black outfits and barefoot are looking up .
Two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air .
A girl bends over backwards in the tall grass .
A girl does a back bend in a field .
A girl doing a back bend .
a little girl doing a back bend on a grassy field
A young girl does a back hand spring in tall grass .
A black dog fetches a large stick out of the water .
A black dog is juming into the water and catches a stick in its mouth .
A black dog rears out of a pond , carrying a big stick in his mouth .
A black dog runs through the water carrying a stick .
Dog fetching a stick in the lake .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
A dog runs on the beach .
Black and white dog on wet sand .
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand .
This large black and white dog is running on the sand .
a soccer player kicking a goal in
A soccer player kicks a ball into the unmanned goal .
A soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
Man in red , white and blue sport uniform on field with soccer ball above ground in front of him .
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
a lone skier skiing down a snowy mountain on one ski .
A man skis downhill on a mountain .
A mountain skier heads down a mountain .
A skier in a blue outfit is skiing down the hill with a red pack on his back .
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track .
A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence .
Orange dog runs on dirt beside green fence .
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .
A game of hockey is being played .
A man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows .
A player in purple , white , and black attempts to make a play near the end of a field .
number fiveteen runs with the lacrosse ball .
Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court .
Men training for ballet dancing in gym
People dancing in front of instructor
Several people are participating in an athletics class .
Various people on a basketball court .
A little brown dog is running in a field .
A little brown dog is running on the grass .
A little brown dog runs through the grass .
A puppy runs in a grassy field , a dirt road in the background .
A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves .
Two people play on the beach .
Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach .
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
Two women in bikinis play on the beach .
Two women on a beach .
A crowd of joyful people parade through an Asian street with black banners .
A crowd of people carrying flags bike and walk through the streets .
A group of people riding double on bicycles carrying black flags .
Asian people are riding bike and holding up banners in a parade .
People ride bikes and carry black flags along a road where others are gathered .
A group of Asian teenagers are holding flags on a street .
A group of happy young men and women hold flags with Chinese writing on them .
A group of young Asian boys and girls holding black flags .
Guys and girls are standing around holding black flags with Asian characters .
several young asian people carrying black and white flags
A group of girls and guys hang out , one is making a sad face .
A group of women ; one serious , one frowning , and another smiling .
A woman in a pink sweater looks pensive next to a crowd of laughing women .
A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk .
There are oriental people standing together .
A black and brown dog wrestle , and a little dog watches .
Several dogs are playing in the grass near a boat .
Several dogs play outside near a boat .
three dogs wrestle for a toy .
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard , with a boat in its carrier the background .
A blonde woman is next to a man in a red shirt .
A blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek .
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown haired man .
A man muscular man wearing an orange shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a blond woman wearing a black shirt .
A woman kisses the cheek of a man in an orange t-shirt .
A lone hiker treks through deep snow near rocky peaks .
A mountain climber on a snowy plain near a mountaintop .
A person travels down a snowy path into the mountains .
On a mountaintop a climber is seen in the distance , black figure against white snow
Someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them .
people with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
People are hiking up a mountain in the snow .
Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope .
Two hikers with backpacks crossing a snow field .
Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .
A kid is climbing on a rope course .
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
A young girl climbing a rope ladder
Children climb a jungle gym .
young girl and boy cross a rope bridge
Two elderly people walk down a city sidewalk by words written in chalk .
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk .
Two men walk through a city with words on the street .
Two older men in business attire are walking in a city , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .
Two people walk down a city street that has writing on it .
a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building .
A boy on a black skateboard going down a ramp with a white building behind him
A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp .
A skateboarder uses a skateboard ramp .
Skateboard rider riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp .
A man and woman sit in a brightly lit stage set .
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .
A street side restaurant
People sitting in a well-lit restaurant .
Tiny restaurant with meat handing in display .
A boy in an orange shirt grinds a skateboard ramp .
a lone skateboarder wearing an orange shirt jumping on a ramp
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .
Skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence .
A girl smiles at another girl in a group of people hanging out .
A girl in pink giving another girl a hug .
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt .
Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend .
Two young girls are talking to one another on a busy street in Asia .
A girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
Group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
People are sitting at desks in a library .
Person sitting at a desk in a library .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
There are two women crossing the street in front of two buses .
Two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses .
Two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road .
Two women walk on the street in front of two buses .
Two women with their heads covered crossing the road in front of buses .
A boat docked at the harbor .
A man standing on the dock beside a building and a tugboat .
A red tugboat is about to dock at a port .
A tugboat is parked at the pier with a house on deck .
The boat is pulled up to dock and a man is pulling something out of the water .
A dog is leaping for a tennis ball .
A dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball .
A dog leaps in the air while chasing a tennis ball .
Two dogs chasing a ball .
Two dogs in a field are running to catch a tennis ball .
A girl defends the basketball from another player .
A girl playing basketball attempts a shot while another girl aggresively defends her .
Girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd .
The female basket player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
The opposing basketball player is making a hook shot over the defender .
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows .
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
A snowboarder dressed in yellow makes a jump .
a snowboarder gets air off a jump .
A snowboarder is doing a trick .
A snowboarder jumping .
A viewer from a helicopter watches a snowboarder below
A child rides a unicycle while a crowd watches .
A little girl rides on a bicycle during a parade .
A small girl riding a unicycle .
Girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle .
Person in checked shirt riding unicycle while crowd watches .
A man curls up while sitting on a couch in a busy public area .
A man is slouching on a couch with people walking and sitting around him .
A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair .
A person in a baseball cap and jeans resting on a brown couch .
People sit and walk through a crowded area .
A blonde baby girl in green is walking and holding a box .
A little girl in a green dress with blue dots is carrying a box with a handle .
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box .
A little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox .
A young girl walks with a lunchbox .
A man with a white beard , a partially bald man and a woman with short hair posing for a picture
Three people are posing for a camera .
Two bearded men and a woman .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and woman posing together .
A group of girls climb up a snowy hill .
Four children climbing up a snow covered hill .
Four kids are climbing a shallow snow covered hill while wearing winter gear .
Four kids climb a snowy hill , one struggles .
Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside .
Four spectators watch three competition skiers pass by .
Men skiing .
Skiiers race in the snow .
Three skiers are coming over and down a hill while spectators are watching .
Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind .
A man and woman sit and talk at the dinner table .
The man with the guitar case smiled at the other man .
The two old men are sitting in a room , one of them wears a tan hat and holds a cello case .
Two men sitting down inside , one of them holding an instrument case .
Two older men sitting at a table , one holding a guitar case
A man is skating through a tunnel .
A person skates along the inside of a long tube .
A rollerblader rides high in a full pipe while others watch
A rollerblader skating inside a tube .
A skateboarder whizzes through a tunnel .
A couple look at some artwork .
A couple stands near a piano and look up at a painting .
A couple viewing a large painting hung on a red wall .
a man and a woman are looking at a painting in a gallery .
The man and woman look at a painting of naked people .
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
a surfer rides a medium sized wave .
A surfer wearing a black wetsuit is riding a white wave in the ocean .
Man in a wetsuit catching a wave on a surfboard .
a man in a dark outfit and sunglasses is riding a mountain bike through a forest near a stream .
A man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning .
A man rides a mountain bike down a slope in the woods .
A man riding a bicycle down a mountainside .
Man is cross-country cycling in the forest .
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail .
A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall .
A man jumps his bicycle in a public park .
A teenage boy does tricks on his bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt through the air , on a bicycle .
A large man and large woman sitting on a park bench with a bottle of soda between them .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench .
An overweight man makes arm gestures on a park bench and a woman watches him .
A woman and a man sitting on opposite ends of a coach .
The two large people are sitting outside on a bench
A group of greyhounds race on a track .
A kangaroo wearing a yellow and black striped vest with the number eight on it is hopping .
many dogs race around the track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Race dogs run their fastest down a sandy track .
A man in a dark hat shoots a handgun .
a man shoots a gun .
A man shoots a gun that emits a bright light .
A man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night .
A stop motion picture of a man firing a handgun in a dark area .
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .
A girl with brown hair and a green shirt is standing near escalators .
A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background .
A woman standing expressionless .
Woman with brown hair and brown eyes wearing a green shirt .
a few dogs jumping around in the snow
A large dog and two smaller dogs running around in the snow .
Three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Three dogs run around in the snow .
Snowboarders are jumping their boards off a mound of snow .
Snowboarders do tricks on mountain .
Three people make snowboard jumps .
Two people ride their snowboards high above a snowy ramp .
two snowboarders jump .
A person in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorbike .
A person on a bike doing a wheelie on a rock .
A person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock .
A person rides their bicycle onto a rock and balances on one wheel .
The man is riding a motorcycle over jagged rocks .
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms skate on the ice .
Two ice hockey players
Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice .
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline , enjoying each others company .
A boy looks at a dog while they stand on a trampoline outside .
A buy with glasses petting his bulldog , on the pavement with woods in the background .
A muscular dog with upturned face looking into eyes of a young boy .
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses
A bird swooping over water .
A bird , wings outstreached , over the water .
A black and white bird is flying over water .
A white bird spreads its wings and jumps into the water feet first .
A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water .
A black and brown dog rolls around in the grass .
A brown and black dog is rubbing his face in the grass .
A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .
A large dog rubs its face in the grass .
Black dog rolls head in grass .
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman in a black coat .
A dog jumps for the woman 's treat .
A large black and white dog jumps up to get something held by a woman wearing a black jacket .
a woman teaches a dog to jump for treats , outside on the grass .
A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .
A child gets ready to slide down the slide .
A young girl in jeans sits at the top of a red and yellow slide .
The little girl in pigtails is preparing to go down the slide .
The little girl is sitting on the slide .
There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide .
A boy on a bicycle in midair after going off of a wooden ramp .
a man jumping off a ramp in a bike
A person jumping their bike in the woods in front of trees with no leaves .
A person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest .
A person on a bike is making a high jump along a trail in the woods .
An elderly woman is wearing a pink striped shirt .
an older woman in a pink striped shirt
An older woman with a striped shirt rubbing her chin .
A woman in a pink striped shirt , with her hand up .
Older lady is appears to be getting ready to cover her mouth .
A man sits in a chair smoking a cigarette .
A man sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a chair .
Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant .
The man wearing glasses , with a cigarette in his mouth , sits in a chair .
A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it .
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog .
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing .
Outside by the trees , a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase .
A large grey and white water bird .
A large white bird flies over water .
A white birds lands swiftly in the water .
bird is taking off out of the water
Large white crane is flying low near the water .
One dog on the ground and another dog standing above it .
Two beige dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs in a field , facing each other .
Two dogs play with one another on the grass .
two tan dogs play in the grass
A group of people racing horses on a beach .
Four people are riding horseback on the beach .
Four people are riding horses on the beach .
Four people riding horses along beach .
People riding horses on the beach .
A group of men wearing yellow shawls walk in a line .
Men walk in line carrying things .
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
three Buddhists walk on the street .
Three men in orange robes holding metal pots .
a lone skateboarder in midair with a huge wooden ramp and silver graffiti in the background
A male skateboarder Takes advantage of the half pipe .
A skateboarder high in the air at indoor ramp .
Man on skateboard , jumping through the air .
Skateboarder performing a trick high in the air on a ramp .
A dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest
A dog jumps across the snowy ground .
A dog runs through a snowy field .
Dog running through the snow .
The grey and white dog is running through the snow .
A group of friends play in a lake .
Five people are in a natural water source .
many children play in the water .
People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .
Several people are playing outside in the water .
A man stands on a surfboard in the ocean with a stick in his hand .
A man stands on a surfboard , paddling it out into the ocean .
a surfer uses an oar to get out in the ocean .
Man stands on surfboard with paddle in ocean .
The surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf .
A person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water .
A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach .
A person on a boat by the shore .
fisherman motors ahead in his boat , facing the sun
This person is driving a boat on a secluded beach .
A skier flies through the air in front of a mountainous landscape .
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .
A skier performs a high jump in a snow-covered valley .
A snow skier is taking a huge leap over a snow slope .
Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow .
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag .
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .
Little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth .
The dog has his face in the bag of Christmas presents .
The red-brown dog digs his nose to investigate a holiday gift bag .
A group of people are in the water .
Many people are in the water near a hillside .
Many people hang out in a body of water .
Many people swimming is a lake surrounded by trees and houses .
Several people bathe in a lake .
A group of 5 men in the air in front of a canal and houses .
Five guys in tuxes and sneakers are jumping in the air .
Five men dressed in tuxedos and tennis shoes are jumping for a silly wedding photo .
Five men in tuxedos jump for joy in front of a mountain range .
five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river
Two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table .
Two dogs are waiting to be fed in the kitchen .
Two dogs are waiting with their mouths open by a person sat in a dining room chair .
two dogs bark at a man in a chair .
Two dogs begging a partially seen person for food at a kitchen table .
A man on a board with the aid of a parachute travels quickly through the snow .
A person parachuting down the site of a snow covered mountain .
A person para gliding into the snowy mountains .
Person with blue jacket windsailing with blue , white and orange sail over snow and rock front .
This person is parachuting with skis onto a snowy hill .
A man is in the air upside-down in the snow .
A person doing tricks on a slope .
A person is skiing and doing a flip in the snow .
A skier goes upside down kicking snow in the air .
A skier is doing a flip in the snow .
A dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him .
A dog is running onto the top of a blue slide .
A yellow dog leads a child in going down a blue slide .
A yellow lab descends a slide , while a mother in a red sweater and a child in a black shirt play with a brown dog .
dog coming down a slide from a wooden playhouse
two ladies posing for a picture
Two middle aged heavyset woman standing next to each other and smiling at the camera .
Two middle aged women stand for a picture near a forest .
Two older women smiling and standing in front of large trees , one woman is fixing her hair .
Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees .
a couple men sitting outside of a bar
Men sit and talk at the storefront of a cafe .
There are two people inside , and two men outside , a cafe ; with a tv on in the background .
Two men are sitting at a table outside a coffee shop .
Two men sit outside a cafe painted blue .
Behind a " 3rd St " sign and traffic light , building construction continues .
On a multi-story construction site a number of workers in red shirts lean on temporary railings and rest .
People are standing in a building that 's under construction near 3rd St .
Several people are looking out from a building that is under construction .
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign
A person sitting in a chair in front of a glass door
A person sitting in a green chair outside of a building surrounded by trash .
A woman enjoys a meal outside of a building with her possessions surrounding her .
A woman sitting outside a doorway wearing a red hat .
A woman wearing a red hat surrounded by trash and sitting outside of a building
A group of men are playing rugby in a field with houses visible in the distance .
A group of rugby players in action on a green field .
A group of young men in colorful uniforms playing with a white ball .
A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball .
Two rugby teams playing in a field with a ball .
A man on a snow cover hill is snowboarding .
A ski boarder making a jump on a snowy hillside .
A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
A snowboarder grabs his board while midair .
Snowboarder in midair above snowy hill .
A boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise .
A child stands in the snow .
A child stands in the snow and looks at a pretty sky .
Boy in winter gear facing away in snowy area , lake and sunset in distance .
Someone with a red had and red and white mittens standing in the snow overlooking a lake .
A dog is chasing after a ball in a field .
A small brown and white dog chases a white ball over the grass .
A small dog chases a white ball on the grass
A small dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
The small dog is chasing a ball .
A long-boarder catches himself before hitting the ground .
a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street
A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background .
Boy skateboarding on residential street , falling farward with hands on the ground .
The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground .
A person is pointing at a geyser .
A woman in a white t-shirt points at a geyser .
A woman pointing at a geyser .
The girl is pointing at a geyser
Women pointing at a geyser .
Two dogs are running up a woodland path .
two dogs run across the woods .
Two dogs running toward trees .
Two dogs run on a path near a stone bench .
Two tri-colored short dogs run away from the camera in the trees .
A man dressed in a funny outfit dancing around .
a person wearing a lkievely outfit dancing on some concrete .
A person wrapped in wrapping paper and tinsel .
A rear view of a person dressed like a clown .
The person is wearing a colorful and checkered outfit
A person in red jumps his snowboard with the ocean in the background .
A snowboarder in the air near a red barrel .
a snowboarder jumps over a barrel .
Person in red jacket , dark pants , on a snowboard .
Snow surfer flying in air .
A group of Asian girls are standing together .
A group of asian women in sports attire , and one woman in the center is wearing a baseball cap .
Four teenagers in dark clothes looking in various directions .
There are several asian people , one wearing a baseball cap .
Two girls laugh while other girls look on .
a brown dog retrieves a stick in a rocky river
A dog running through a creek .
A dog running with something in his mouth in shallow water .
A dog with a stick in its mouth runs through the rocks in shallow water .
A soaking wet dog is splashing through the water .
A boy is riding a skateboard down a slope that leads from a bridge to the street below .
A guy skateboarding .
A male attempts skateboard tricks by a bridge .
A man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge .
A skateboarder jumps on an urban alleyway .
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .
A woman blows a massive bubble .
A woman in an aqua shirt is surrounded by a large bubble and is standing next to a boy in a yellow shirt .
The woman in blue appears to blowing glass while a child looks on .
Woman in blue shirt blowing very large bubble
A brown dog sits on a couch .
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
A very large dog laying on a bed with pieces of paper all around him .
The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby .
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper .
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A brown dog is making a big splash whilst trying to swim .
A dog swims and splashes .
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water .
Dog swimming and splashing through water .
A brown dog with a black collar licks its own mouth .
A dog licks his nose .
A large dog licking its nose .
Brown dog with black collar licking nose .
Dog sticking out its tongue .
a black and brown dog playing with a stick
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick .
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick .
A large black dog chews on a stick .
The dog is biting a stick .
a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth .
A fluffy white and brown dog is jumping over an obstacle and holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
Brown and white dog jumping over a low rail with a tennis ball in his mouth .
The dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth .
The small yellow and white dog jumps over an obstacle with a tennis ball .
A crane , wings outstreached , above the ocean .
A large bird landing on water .
A large gray and white bird begins to take flight .
Bird spreads wings over water .
Large dark bird over the water .
A dog plays with a toy in the grass .
A rotweiler playfully rolls over int he grass with a toy .
Black and tan dog playing with a toy and rolling on the grass .
Dog chewing up ball while rolling in grass
The dog is resting after a game of fetch .
A camera man videotapes a skier climbing a tree stump .
A man on ski has jumped in a tree while another man is watching
A person in skis is jumping off the side of a tree while someone records it .
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
A skier jumps through the air , next to a tall tree , while a man videotapes him .
The dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
The dogs play on the snow .
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
Two brown dogs wrestle in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow .
a snowboarder in an orange jacket is airborne on a snowboard .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
Man on a snowboard sliding in the air down a snow covered hill .
A bicycler jumps a ramp outside in the dark night .
A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods .
A person doing a trick on a bike
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick in the air .
A bicycle goes downhill .
A bicyclist wearing a dark helmet and a blue jacket jumps over a mound in a field .
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike
A man is biking on a hill .
A person rides their bike down a hill .
An elderly woman in pink sunglasses holding a newspaper
An older woman in a rose patterned shirt is carrying two newspapers .
An old woman with pink sunglasses is holding two magazines in a busy street .
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers .
A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain .
A snowboarder in a red jacket slides down a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain .
a snowboarder wearing red is descending a snow covered mountain .
Skier in red skiing down a snowy mountain .
A dark-haired young woman , number 528 , wearing red and white , is preparing to throw a shot put .
A girl is curling in a competition .
Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put .
A woman is about to race around a track .
Shotput athlete getting ready to throw .
A baby crawls at a playground .
A baby in a baseball shirt crawls through a tube .
A baby smiling for the camera .
A small baby at a park in a tube .
A young boy looks through a tube .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence .
A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
A female tennis player hitting the ball
A woman in a white tennis outfit has jumped into the air to hit a tennis ball .
A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .
A woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match .
A woman wearing white reaches high above herself to hit a tennis ball .
Children dancing on hardwood flooring .
Two children are playing or dancing inside .
Two little girls dance on a hardwood floor in the house .
two little girls dancing on the floor
Two young girls playing in a house .
a female tennis player is lining up to take a swing with her racquet .
A girl wearing white swings her tennis racket back .
A tennis player in white gets ready to hit the ball .
A woman in a white outfut playing tennis .
A young woman playing tennis .
The women have been wounded .
Two women in black have blood on their face and knee .
Two women , one sitting in a chair , the other standing , appear to be injured .
Two women sport bloody wounds .
Two women talk while standing underneath a white tent .
A dog runs toward the camera , his tongee hanging out the side of his mouth
A dog gith golden fur runs in dhe park , the sun striking its fur .
A light colored dog with tongue hanging out of this mouth running on the grass .
A tan dog runs along the grass .
The dog plays in the park .
Two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits , gazing towards a mountain .
Two people dressed in white ropes and pink gloves look at the mountain .
Two people dressed up in white sheets and pink gloves stare at a snow covered glacier off in the distance .
Two people in white robes look at a snowy mountain .
Two people wearing white and pink plastic gesture at a mountain in the distance .
A biker flies through the air near sand dunes .
A biker holds onto their bike while in the air with a mountin in the background .
A cyclist jumping into the air
A person in the air holding on to a bicycle .
A person jumps high in the air holding onto their bicycle .
A couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival
There is a man in red and two children looking at a large , round , colorful wheel .
Three people are standing at a carnival game .
two people play a game at a carnival .
Two people stand before a spinning wheel at a carnival .
A dog catches a toy in the snow .
A dog playing in the snow .
A dog playing in the snow , ready to catch a toy
A white and black dog is about to catch an object while it stands in a snowy field .
Dog with a red collar running in the snow .
smiling girls sitting on rounded platform
The older girl is laughing and holding the younger girl outside
Two girls are enjoying themselves on a spinning platform .
Two girls are sitting together on a spinning platform .
Two girls hapily playing in a park .
a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods .
A boy jumps off a tan rock .
A boy jumps up in a field in the woods .
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
Child in blue and grey shirt jumping off hill in the woods
A bulldog jumps over a log next to a stream .
A dog is pawing at a fallen log nearby a stream in an area with pinestraw .
Black and white dog grabs tree limb
The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek .
The dog plays with the large log .
A large man sits in a military accessories store .
A man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia .
A man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
A man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise .
Veteran shows off different things from a war .
A dog lies upside down on the grass .
A dog rolls on its back in the grass .
Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass .
Dog on its back rolling around in the grass .
The dog is rolling on its back on the grass with its mouth wide open .
An older woman with a small dog in the snow
A woman and a cat are outside in the snow .
A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal .
A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground .
Heavy set woman in snow with a cat
A black dog chases birds on the shoreline
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
Black dog running behind three birds on shore with waves in the background .
There is a dog running along the beach .
A man in a leather jacket and striped shirt points at something off camera .
A man in sunglasses , a red striped sweater , and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger .
A man with dark glasses , a black jacket , and a white and red horizontally-striped shirt pointing at something while standing on a sidewalk .
A man with shaggy hair and a moustache pointing down a street .
The man with the red and grey shirt and glasses is pointing .
A blurry dog jumps through water .
A small tan dog jumping out of the water
Small brown dog jumping out of the water .
The fuzzy dog runs through the water .
Wet brown dog , jumping out of the water .
A man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms .
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .
A skateboard rider riding his skateboard down the steps of a building .
The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .
The skateboarder wearing a black t-shirt and black pants is in front of the red brick building .
A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
A woman holding a white and black dog .
A young lady poses for photo with her dog .
Woman holding dog on street .
A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail .
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night .
A man is skateboarding down a railing on some stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a metal railing .
A young boy does skateboarding tricks down metal stairs .
The man on the left is looking at the woman and the man .
The two men and one woman wearing jackets are standing in front of a white and blue building .
Three people are standing in front of an arcade .
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .
Three people wearing mostly black are standing in front of a blue door .
A boy on a swing .
A little boy is swinging on a swing beside some trees and a river .
A toddler swings back very high .
A young boy is riding a swing high in the air .
Small child swinging on a swing with trees in the background .
A boy wearing a white apron has is arms out in a communal darts and craft room whilst a boy in blue looks on .
A crowd of people gather for a meal indoors .
A room full of adults and children .
Children serving at a community dinner .
people in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes
Two brunettes , one with tattoos , hug and smile at camera indoors .
Two middle-aged women with tattoos hug each other for the camera .
Two women , one with tattoos , hold each other and smile .
Two young women posing and holding each other in close-up .
Two young women posing for a picture
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background .
a brown and white dog with a red collar getting on a trampoline
A dog gets on a trampoline .
dog with a red collar on a trampoline
The brown and white dog is standing on a trampoline with its tongue hanging out .
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .
A person stands wearing sunglasses , a boat and two cameras .
A person wearing a grey jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera .
A woman wearing a grey jacket and pink sunglasses
The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car .
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .
A group of people perform together onstage .
Costumed performers stand onstage with their arms outstretched .
Performers performing a play .
Three people are doing ballet exercises in extravagant costumes .
Two ladies next to a stroller inside a building .
Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building .
Two women with a baby carriage in a building next to a table and chairs .
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant .
Two women with strollers standing next to a table and chair .
A brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground
A fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth .
A white fluffy dog is jumping and catching a toy .
The shaggy dog leaps and catches the ball .
A golden retreiver standing outside in the snow with a person standing with skis and poles .
A man and a dog outside in a snow storm .
A person is standing on skis in the snow with a dog .
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow .
The man is skiing in the snow with a large brown dog .
A man in white shorts and a wet-suit top is riding on a bright yellow surfboard .
A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
A man rides a yellow surfboard .
A man surfs on a yellow board .
Surfer on long yellow board .
A boy on a skateboard is on a wall near the water and next to grass .
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall
Skateboarder preparing to jump off of stone wall .
The skateboarder does a trick on the low stone wall .
Young man skateboarding on a retaining wall in a suburban area .
A bicyclist rides on ramps .
A bike rider does a trick in the air .
A man performs a bike trick on a ramp .
Extreme BMX rider defying gravity
Person doing tricks on a bicycle in a skatepark .
A man battles the waves as his yellow kayak goes perpendicular in the water .
A man in a yellow kayak negotiates some white water .
A man in a yellow kayak riding through rapids .
Man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids .
The man in the yellow canoe is in a large wave .
A dog catching a ball in a snowy field .
A dog catching the ball in the snow .
A dog leaps in the snow to catch a ball .
A dog playing in the snow with a white ball .
Black dog catches ball in the snow .
A man is placing jewelry on an extravagantly-haired and decorated female sculpture or stiffly-posed woman .
A performer wearing a h
A person being dressed in clothing with feathers and sequins .
The dancer gets her final makeup before going out onstage .
Two men fixing drag queen 's costume .
A homeless man in a wheelchair is holding a cup out for a man to put some change into
a man donates to a panhandler .
A wheelchair bound person receiving a tip from a passerby .
Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout
The man in the tan shirt gives to the man in the wheelchair and hat .
An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean .
A person is running across the beach at the waters edge .
A person 's legs , backlit , run through the surf .
Someone runs along the beach in the bright sun .
Someone 's legs are in frame running over a beach shore .
A man does a handstand in the sand .
A man doing a handstand in shallow water on the beach .
A man is performing a handstand on the beach .
A topless male does a handstand on a beach .
The male is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach .
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods .
A group of people are in the woods playing instruments .
A group of people playing instruments in the woods .
A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot .
Six men have a band practice in the woods .
A bunch of people are talking down a city street with old buildings on both sides of them .
A crowded street in Italy .
Crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings .
Group of people crossing a street with building surrounding them .
People walking on a street .
A child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman
An adult smiles with a child on a swing .
A young woman watches as a young blond boy swings in a chair swing with buildings visible in the background .
The woman stands outdoors , next to a child in a swing .
Woman standing , with a child on a swing .
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
Brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fight in the snow .
A man wearing a bow tie and glasses poses for a photo .
A man wearing glasses and a green bow tie .
A man with a bow-tie looks at the camera with no expression .
A man with a bow-tie made out of a dollar and wearing glasses is looking into the camera .
An old man wearing a green bow-tie and glasses looking toward the camera .
Two guys with one guy holding a homeless sign .
Two homeless men are leaning on a brick wall and holding up a cardboard sign .
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
Two young men stand holding a sign against a wall .
A girl in a blue shirt is smiling with another girl .
Closeup of two women hugging each other
two middle aged women smile for the camera .
two women sharing a drink taking a blurred photo of their faces
Two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera .
A guy and girl having their photo taken .
A man holding a drink is being hugged by a woman wearing a black shirt .
A man holding a drink poses with a woman .
A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag .
A woman with dyed blonde and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup .
A man and his female teammate watch his shot as they play a game of a beer pong .
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .
A man trying to throw a ball into red cups .
People play beer pong .
The two people are next to a brown house .
A girl in yellow is laying down and man is looking at the camera .
A man and a woman are laid back relaxing on the couch .
A man in a purple shirt in front of a woman in a yellow shirt .
A woman lays down with a camera and a man leans back on her taking the picture .
Two young people taking pictures of themselves while laying atop each other
An Asian boy and girl are walking in a park .
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path .
An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket .
Two Asian girls walk along the park .
Two Asian teens in jackets
A man in a blue headband and white shirt plays tennis .
A player watches the tennis ball he hit go flying , as the crowd watches .
A tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match .
A tennis player in mid-swing .
A tennis player in the middle of a game .
a black and white dog jumping through the snow
A black dog jumping through high snow .
A black dog jumps down a snowy hill .
A black dog jumps out of a pile of thick white snow .
The black dog is gliding down through the snow .
A group of people with gloves on working on large colorful squares .
Artists working on a mosaic on the ground .
Group of people are down on their hands and knees making something on the ground .
People are painting colored squares on the ground .
Three women painting on the sidewalk .
a couple posing together each smiling
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater .
A woman in brown and a man in grey look at the camera .
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond hair smile .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
A group of people sit in lawn chairs at the edge of a large cliff .
People in folding chairs take in the view from a cliff .
People sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline .
Several people sit in chairs near a canyon .
Several people sitting on foldable chairs near a geological formation .
A group of people stand in the snow in a mountain .
A person is jumping over a house on skis .
a snowboarder jumps over a shed .
People watch as a person skis down a mountain .
Skiiers on a snowy mountain .
A brown dog digging a hole .
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A brown dog is digging a hole in the dirt .
A dog digs a hole in a yard .
This brown dog is digging a hole while there is a plant nearby .
A boy in a blue hat is riding a green sledge on the snow at dusk .
A child in a saucer in the snow .
A child with a sled plays in the snow at dusk .
A little boy on a green sled at night .
Little boy on a green sled goes over a hill of snow as the sun sets .
A big , brown dog is shaking off while in the water .
A brown dog is in the water shaking its head .
A dog that is down in water is shaking off .
A large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water .
The large dog wading in the water and shaking .
A black and white dog leaping out of the water .
A brown and white large dog plays in the water .
A dog runs through water .
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A wet dog emerges from deep water .
A man parachuting down a snowy mountain .
A man soaring with a red parachute .
A man wearing skis and a parachute in midair
A paraskier is landing on a mountain .
A person wearing skis is also paragliding with a red parachute .
Several young adults posing dramatically on a subway car .
Six people pose together for a picture on the subway .
Six young people are posing for a photograph on a subway train .
Six young people posing for the camera inside of a train .
Six young people cutting up on a subway .
A basketball player looks upward as a hand reaches for her ball .
A female basketball player wearing a red uniform is holding a basketball and looking up while an arm is trying to block her .
A female woman has a basketball in her hands and a determined look on her face .
A woman basketball player holding the ball grimaces with effort while another player 's arm attempts to block her .
A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
A man holding a can in a waterfall .
A man is flailing in water while holding up a drink can .
A man with a canned drink is standing under a waterfall .
A young man splashes in the water , holding a canned soda
A man surfing in the ocean .
A surfer catches a wave and tries to hold on as the surf collapses around him .
a surfer is riding a surfboard on top of a breaking wave .
A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water .
A surfer on a wave .
A dog chasing a duck in a pond .
As the dog swims close , the duck flies away .
a white dog in a river is chasing a duck
A white dog is swimming after a duck .
A white dog is swimming in a lake while a bird flies away .
A black and brown dog wearing a red coat rolls in the snow .
A black and tan dog in a orange jacket laying in the snow .
A brown and black dog lies in the snow with an orange vest on .
A dog wearing a jacket rolls in the snow .
A dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow
A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side .
Adults and children share in the looking at something , and some young ladies stand to the side .
Adults and children stand outside of open barn .
A group of people outside a barn .
Two girls are standing by a another family in front of a wooden barn .
a group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
Asian girls line up near some flags .
Several women in pastel colors stand in line , one holding a child on her shoulders .
Six Asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture .
There are five women in pink and purple and one has a child on her shoulders .
A group of people stand and look at a kid who jumped .
A group of people watches a boy on a skateboard launch off a ramp .
A guy on a skateboard performs a trick in front of a crowd .
Group of people watching a skateboarder do tricks at a skate park .
People are watching a boy on a skateboard at the top of a skate ramp .
A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain .
A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs .
A team of dogs is pulling a dog sled .
A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled .
Five dogs pull a man on a sled through the snow .
A girl in overalls is playing on a see-saw .
A little girl in blue overalls plays on a seesaw in a backyard .
a redheaded girl is siting on a see saw in the garden
redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw .
The young redheaded girl plays on the teeter totter .
A crowd of people are enjoying a meal with a view of a mountaintop .
A group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge .
A large group of people with snow covered mountains in the background .
many people are sitting at wooden tables overlooking snow covered mountains .
People dine outdoors at a lodge on a snowy mountain .
A group of men in green shirts and black pants holding hands
Black people dancing in a Boston square .
Four men posing on the street in green shirts and black pants .
Several men in matching green and black outfits in front of a monument .
Three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance .
A blue heron , wings , outstreached , prepares for landing .
A gray water fowl with black and white markings is flying near water .
A large bird is flying over water .
A large black bird is gliding over the water .
A large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water .
A dog chews an object a woman is holding on the rocky and sandy beach .
A woman in holds a coconut in front of an interested dog .
A woman is playing with a dog and a large rock on the beach .
a woman wearing a pink shirt playing with a tan and white dog on the beach
Woman playing with dog on a beach .
A bull rider hangs on tightly to a rope around a large , bucking bull 's back .
A man in bullfighting regalia rides a bull 's back .
A man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull .
A matador in a colorful outfit is riding a bull
Bullrider at a rodeo riding a bull .
A little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .
A young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass .
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .
Boy in striped , hooded coat runs down grassy hill .
The small boy is running through a grassy area .
A man in blue sits on a wall with bags .
A man sits on a bench with some bags .
A man sitting outside with bags and a camera .
An older man in a blue hoodie is sitting down next to his bags .
Older man is sitting on a bench with his two bags .
A hockey game .
A hockey goalie reaches for the puck during a professional game .
During an ice hockey game , a man tries to make a goal .
Hockey goalie blocks a shot from a rival player as other players observe .
Hockey players around a goalie .
A girl in a sequined shirt smiles .
A young woman in a costume smiles as others gather .
Girls wearing costumes stand around , one smiles .
Several girls are in a crowd and one is smiling while the sun shines in her face .
Two girls wear fancy , glittery costumes .
Two dogs kick up dirt while running down a hill .
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two dogs running in the dirt .
Two dogs run through dirt and weeds .
Two yellow dogs running on sand .
A dog in the snow
A dog walks through the snow .
A golden dog looks alert as he stands in snow .
A yellow dog in the snow .
There is a medium sized tan colored dog out in the snow .
A black and white dog is running across a snow covered field .
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field .
A dog running in snow .
A dog runs on a snowy field .
A white dog with black spots runs through a field covered in snow .
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash .
A dog jumps through water .
A dog running in the water .
A dog running through water .
a dog sprints across the water .
A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope .
a lone snowboarder jumpy in the air on a snowy mountain
A snowboarder flies through the air above the snow .
A snowboarder in midair over a snow hill .
A snowboarder performing a trick .
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods .
A brown and a black dog are running .
A dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog .
Two dogs are running along a grassy path .
Two dogs running through the grass .
A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick .
A dog runs down a trail with a stick in his mouth .
a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth .
A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest .
a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth
a group on white and balck birds lined up on a concrete wall
A row of birds is sitting in front of a grey cloud .
Many birds are sitting on a concrete wall .
many birds sit on a ledge .
Pigeons framed against a looming storm .
A black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase .
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .
A large black limousine parked in front of a building with a lot of people on the steps .
A limousine in front of a group of people on steps .
A small limousine is parked outside a large older structure .
A bunch of dogs are competing in a race .
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
several muzzled greyhound dogs racing around a track
The number 2 dog in the blue vest is in the lead at the dog races .
A carnival midway at night .
A group of people gather at a stand at the fair .
Booths at a carnival
The game booths at a carnival are shown with a doughnut shop in the background .
The people are standing around at a carnival .
Boys at an amphitheater .
Four guys are posed on a stone platform .
Four guys in front of a abandoned building trying to make a letter with their bodies
four kids playfully pose in unusual architectural structure
Four kids pose on a stage .
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
a group of young naked children showering outside
Children are bathing in the falling water .
Children bathe in water from large drums .
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
A child is performing with a toy while onstage with a colorful balloon backdrop .
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .
A little girl does a hula hoop behind a backdrop of balloons .
A young girl hula dances in front of a colorful backdrop .
Girl is performing onstage with a hula hoop surrounded by many balloons .
A group of people are in front of a store walking across a crosswalk .
A group of people walking across a street
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .
Four people and a child walking in the street .
People crossing the street
A man in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt with a car in the background .
A man in a red shirt that says ' Espana ' and a girl with purple streaks in her hair are smiling .
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
The man and lady pose for a picture .
The man is wearing a red shirt , while the woman standing with him has purple streaks in her hair .
A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods .
A kid with a white shirt and helmet riding a bike through the woods
Cyclist riding down dirt path in the woods .
Mountain biking in a forest during the early fall .
The cyclist rides on a wooded path .
A dog jumps out of a creek .
A white dog in a creek .
A white dog is jumping in natural water .
A yellow dog shaking off from a jump into a stream .
The furry beige dog is playing in the murky river water .
A brown and white dog is jumping up to catch a ball in the park .
A dog chases a tennis ball on a well manicured park lawn .
A white and brown dog jumps for a tennis ball in midair .
A white and brown dog , mid-leap , in a park .
A white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air .
A bald man with an earpiece is smiling nearby a building opening .
A man with a white mustache and an earpiece is smiling .
A mustache man wears an earphone .
A smiling man with a headphones and a grey mustache
The bald man with the white mustache is wearing a bluetooth earpiece .
a bird lands in the water .
A blue , long-legged wading bird prepares to land in water .
A large bird has its wings spread above a body of water
A pelican diving towards the water with feet out .
There is an aquatic bird in flight about to land on the water .
A boy performs a skateboarding trick down a set of stairs .
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A boy with a blue shirt is standing on the railing of a flight of stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet .
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti .
A kayaker fights the rapids .
a man in a green kayak paddles down some rapids in front of a waterfall
A man kayaking down rapids .
A man kayaking through rapids in a river
A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top .
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .
A man in colorful trunks surfing a wave on a white surfboard .
A surfer rides a wave in a clear blue ocean .
a surfer surfs a wave .
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave .
A blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet , elbow and knee pads , and Rollerblades .
A child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear .
A child wearing Rollerblades and sitting on a curb .
The blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet , knee pads , and Rollerblades .
The girl takes a break from rollerblading .
The people in the red parasail are gliding over the water .
Two people are hang gliding .
Two people are seated and are flying with a big red parachute .
Two people float through the air on a red and white glider .
Two people hang gliding from a red , white and black glider with blue , cloudy skies behind them .
A man in a wetsuit is leaving the water while waterskiing .
A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above .
A man is waterskiing on one ski .
A man riding the water on a single board , holding on to a support with one hand .
A water glider .
A brown and white dog stands in the deep snow .
A dog in the snow .
A dog stands in deep snow surrounded by trees .
A dog stands up to his elbows in snow .
Dog sits in snow .
A couple holding hands and another woman are walking down a wooded trail .
A couple holding hands and a woman standing beside them pose on a tree lined dirt road .
Three friends on a stroll in the forest .
Three people stand on a path through the woods .
Two women and a man posing on a rural path
A BMX bike rider in a black and red uniform on a dirt bike .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person wearing a black helmet rides a red bike through the woods .
Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods .
Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope .
A man in yellow is leaping toward men in blue .
A soccer game on a grassy field .
A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run alongside .
Guys wearing yellow , red , and blue are running in the grass .
Man jumping on another during a game in the grass .
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown and white dog jumping in the air near a wooden fence .
A dog barks at plants in a walled concrete courtyard .
A dog catches a ball in midair .
A tan and white dog jumps up with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A man dressed for cold weather plays with a stick with his black and brown dog .
A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog .
A man in orange pants and brown vest is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
A man tries to take a stick away from a brown dog .
a man tugging on a stick that a little dog has in his mouth
A family is watching a girl on the phone walk by .
A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background .
A woman walks and talks on her cellphone while nearby men watch .
a woman wearing a blue dress walking by a group of staring guys
Lady on a cellphone walking in front of a group of men .
Two girls are jumping high in the air .
Two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees .
Two girls in midair with trees in the background
Two girls in mid leap , one with jeans and red shirt other with black pants floral shirt
Two girls leap through the air .
A man and a boy ride a go kart
A man helps a boy steer a go-cart .
An old man drives a go cart with a little boy .
Man and child riding in go cart .
Old man teaching little kid to drive .
A child covered with paint sits amid trays of multicolored paint on a surface thoroughly saturated with paint .
A child plays with paint .
A little girl in a white shirt has been playing with paint and covered herself and her room .
A young child sitting in a mess of paint .
a young child sitting in a mess of paint spilled everywhere .
A brown and white dog wrestles with a gray dog .
A brown dog and a brown and white dog romp in the grass
Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy area .
Two dogs wrestling in the grass
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching .
A man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
bull riding with people watching
The bull and rider are being observed by a group of people .
There is a man with a white cowboy hat riding a bull .
A dog is running while another dog behind it carries a tennis ball .
A dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth .
Two black and white dogs running in a field .
Two black and white dogs walking on dirt , one of which has a ball in its mouth .
Two dogs are running in the dirt , one with a ball in its mouth .
A grey bearded scottish gentleman in red plaid is playing the bagpipes .
A man with a beard in the foreground playing bagpipes
A parade of bagpipers walk through a city street .
Several bagpipers in Scottish dress .
The man with the white beard is playing a red bagpipe .
A blonde haired man is doing a demonstration in front of a small crowd of people .
A man demonstrates his product to an audience .
A man in a striped shirt is demonstrating a product .
A man is standing behind and desk and there is part of a red car hanging above his head .
a man shows off his exibit to many people .
A man in a blue headband plays tennis .
A man running during a tennis match .
A tennis player is running across the court with a racquet in his hand .
Closeup of a man running with a tennis racket
This man , wearing a blue headband and white shirt , is playing tennis .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses sit at a table with four beer bottles .
There are two guys sitting around a table , both with beers in their hands .
Two men drinking beers at a table
Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer .
Two men sit at a small round table and drink beer .
A man in a blue an yellow coat ski jumps .
A person jumping down a hill on skis .
A skier splits his or her legs while flying throught the air over a ski hill .
A skier is performing a trick high in the air over a snowy area .
The skier is jumping high above the snow .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow .
A brown dog is running through the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog catches a red Frisbee in the snow .
A dog holding a Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog is running in the snow carrying a red Frisbee .
A group of children in costume , learning a dance from an instructor .
Children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing .
Children in colorful costumes are performing on a stage beside a white building .
Little kids with colorful skirts over their clothes are dancing .
The people are making hand gestures .
A Dalmatian is playing near a tree .
A Dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree .
A Dalmation Dog bites a small branch on a tree while up on his hind legs .
A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree .
The spotted dog chews on a tree .
A lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog 's face .
An old woman with a white greyhound is standing on the sidewalk .
A woman in a plaid dress holding the collar of a white dog .
A woman poses with her white dog on a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a plaid dress standing on the sidewalk next to a white dog
a bald man in a blue shirt is operating a fiery furnace .
A man in an apron operating an open wood stove .
A man operating a furnace .
A man wearing a black apron is cooking .
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .
A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .
A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread .
a man wearing a spiderman outfit with a mask covering his face also .
A person wearing a spiderman print outfit looks up with a hood on his face .
The man is wearing a spiderman outfit .
A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark
A skateboarder in a green shirt is performing a jump .
A skateboarder in the city .
a skateboarder wearing a green shirt jumping on a ramp
Skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air .
Three children in a village stand under an awning
Three children in ragged clothes are standing outside a thatched hut .
Three children stand in front of their home .
Three children standing near huts .
three children playy together .
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow .
A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball in the snow .
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow .
A dog getting a ball in the snow
The little black and white dog is in the snow whit a red ball .
The two kids are looking at a sign .
Two children looking up at a large fashion advertisement on a concrete wall .
two little boys admire a shop window .
two small children standing next to a jeans advertisement .
Two small children stand next to a window display .
A baby takes a bath while grownups watch .
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub .
A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath .
Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath .
Some people are standing around watching a baby taking a bath .
A black dog running across green grass .
A black dog running in grass .
A black dog runs in the grass , its tongue hanging out .
A black dong runs across a grassy field
Small black dog running in grass
A brown dog is lying on a grassy field as the wind blows through his fur .
A dog playing in the grass .
a golden retriever is running in a grassy field
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .
The dog is running through the grass in the sun .
A brown dog looks off into the distance by some farm equipment .
A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment .
A dog looking off into the distance .
A grey dog with a matching collar standing beside a tractor .
Brown dog with brown collar looking to left with a clear blue sky in background .
A tennis player about to hit the ball .
A tennis player gets ready to return the ball .
A tennis player in mid-swing at a match .
A tennis player wearing a black shirt swings back to hit a yellow ball .
Man in black and white playing tennis .
Andy Rodderick gets ready to hit a tennis ball .
Andy Roddick plays tennis .
A tennis player in mid game holding a racquet .
Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
Tennis player getting ready to play tennis .
A baseball player is on the field in fronmt of an audience .
A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium .
A man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw .
A tennis player about to serve .
Tennis player is serving the ball .
A man in a red kayak .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
A man is kayaking in the ocean on an orange kayak .
A person in a kayak rides waves in the ocean .
The male kayaker is moving through the rough water .
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A group of men stand talking in front of a statute of a blue lion .
A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing .
Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue .
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A couple is holding their baby at a ceremony while the priest reads his book
a couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest .
A priest holding a book is looking towards a woman and her baby .
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
woman holding baby with priest
Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls .
Two little children are in a bin of colored balls .
Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen .
Two young girls are in an enclosure filled with balls .
Two young girls are playing with plastic balls in a ball pit .
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .
A man jumping in the air at a beach
A person in black and white swim trunks falling into the sand at the beach .
A teenager in striped shorts is leaping into the air on the beach .
The man is playing with a foam football on the beach .
A man in a kayak is holding his paddle up high .
A man is kayaking through rough water .
Kayak rider raises arms as he 's splashed with water .
Spray obscures the face and torso of the paddle wielding man in the red kayak .
The kayaker holding an oar , is raising both arms in the air , while waves splash around him .
A man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281 .
A runner during a race .
Runner number 281 is being clapped on by a passerby .
The man is running a race is being cheered on by spectators .
The runner is wearing a red tank top and is being watched by a man in black .
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles .
A man playing tennis looks very happy .
A tennis player in a blue shirt celebrates his match .
A tennis player wearing a blue shirt raises his hands and smiles .
The tennis player in the blue shirt is holding his racquet up in the air .
A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp .
A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp .
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
A young man is performing a bicycle jump on a ramp .
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .
a child on a spinning wheel holding on for dear life
A young boy rides a blue and yellow merry-go-round with an adult male hand in the foreground .
A young kid is standing up on the merry go round .
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle .
A group of men in an unner tube going over some rapids
A raft with a group of people is turned over after a crashing wave .
People are tossed around in a blue raft in a foamy river .
Two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water .
Two rafts overturn in a river .
A brown dog jumping over a pole .
A dog jumping a pole .
A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors .
Brown dog leaping over an obstacle bar in a room .
Large brown dog jumps over a low rail .
An individual is skiing down a mountain slope .
A person skiing down a snowy mountainside .
A skier is skiing down a very steep slope with a mountain in the background .
A skier goes down a near vertical slope .
Skier coming down a very steep snow peak .
A beaver on the shore of a stream .
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants .
A dog hides in the bushes .
A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore
A dog makes it way through tall weeds .
An african american woman dressed in orange is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet .
A tennis player in an orange outfit hits a ball .
A tennis player in orange is striking the ball with her racquet .
A woman in an orange athletic outfit playing tennis
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
many people gather at the art museum .
Many people look at art in the main lobby of a museum .
People mill about a large are with a round desk .
People milling around the information booth .
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .
A female tennis player wearing orange in the middle of a tennis match .
An african american woman is leaning over while holding a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing an orange tennis outfit on the court .
A woman playing tennis , swinging her racket .
Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit .
A group of people standing on a rock path .
A group of women converse together while overlooking the views of the foliage .
A woman looks skeptically at the person taking a picture of her and 3 girls who are outdoors .
Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence .
Women are outside .
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball .
A dog catching a ball
A dog leaps away with a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps high to catch a ball .
A jog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in a backyard .
A bunch of girls in cheerleader outfits .
a large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
Cheerleaders perform .
many cheerleaders wearing black , walk down the street .
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black , pink and white uniforms .
A bride and groom jump towards each other with arms outstretched .
A groom leaps off of a stone wall and into his wife 's arms .
A man in a suit leaps toward his bride .
A man in a tuxedo jumps toward a woman in a wedding dress .
A man in wetsuit jumps towards a wet bride .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
Children playing on a playground .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
The boy is wearing a blue shirt , and the girl is wearing black clothes .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
Three people are standing on the ruined building with their arms outstretched .
Three people climbing rocks .
Three people posing by a brick wall giving signs to the camera .
Three people posing for a camera
Three people standing on a stone wall .
A man in yellow sits on a rock ledge overlooking a forest .
A person in a yellow raincoat is sitting on the edge of a rock looking down
A person in a yellow raincoat seating on a cliff .
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .
A person sitting on the edge of a rock outcropping looking down
Two dogs are playing together and fighting over a toy .
Two dogs fight over a bone .
Two dogs grasp a red object at once .
Two dogs playing with the same red toy .
two dogs play tug of war for a red toy .
a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball .
A tennis player moving for a shot .
A tennis player with green a green headband on is ready to hit the ball .
Tennis champ Rafael Nadal lunges to return a ball .
Tennis player lunges to the left .
A male tennis player pumps his fist .
a male tennis player with a blue headband is holding a racquet
a man in a pink and yellow shirt and blue headband is holding a tennis racquet whilst standing with his mouth open .
A man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis .
Nadal celebrating , wearing a green headband
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .
A boy hits a tennis ball with a black and yellow racket .
A boy hits a tennis ball with his tennis racquet .
A boy plays tennis .
A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket .
A male tennis player runs for a shot .
A man has a racquet in his hand and is playing a game of tennis .
A man with a tennis racket goes for the ball .
a tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand .
a tennis player runs for the ball .
A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike .
A boy in a New York Mets shirt sitting on a toy Harly Davison motorcycle on a tennis court .
A boy wearing a Mets jersey is riding a moter bike on the playground .
A young boy wearing a Mets jersey poses on a toy motorcycle in a recreational area .
Little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike .
A group of people watching a chess game .
Many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game .
People gather around a life size chess game .
Several people are at a park watching a chess game played with giant pieces .
The crowd is watching an over sized chess match .
A group of horses and riders are playing polo on the grass .
A group of horses and their riders are racing each other .
A horse race on a grass track
Jockeys are riding their horses down the track .
Jockeys racing horses down a grass track .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
People are sitting at a park under flowering trees .
People outside sitting on the grass under cherry blossom trees .
The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack .
Young people sit on the grass near a crooked tree with pink blossoms .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket .
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth .
A boy doing a handstand in a yellow shirt
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
A man is standing on his hands on a sidewalk while others watch .
A man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
A person doing a handstand in front of others .
A guy playing tennis , two nearby spectators , and a crowd watching .
A tennis player hitting a ball .
The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him .
The tennis player is hitting the ball with his racquet , while others watch the match .
the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball .
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket .
A man plays tennis .
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
A man hits a tennis ball during a professional match .
A man hits the tennis ball with his racket .
A man in a blue headband playing tennis .
A man is hitting a tennis ball in a professional match .
A man with a green headband plays tennis .
A person holding a tennis racket hits a yellow tennis ball .
A tennis player hitting the ball
A tennis player hitting the ball .
The tennis ball is about to be hit .
This man is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket .
A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path .
A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path .
A young boy in a red helmet bikes through a park .
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a red helmet riding a bike on a sidewalk
a little girl plays with a plane .
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane .
A young blonde child holding an airplane .
The blonde haired child is holding the small plane .
The blond haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .
A group of people in hazmat suits are standing with a dummy on a stretcher .
People wearing suits practicing a rescue in a dangerous environment .
several men in biohazard suits carrying a human looking doll on a rolling bed
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee .
There is a man on a stretcher surrounded by men in hazmat suits .
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .
A father launches his daughter in an Oceanside pool .
A young girl jumps off the hands of a man in a pool near the ocean .
The man throws the child into the water .
The man tossed a child into the swimming pool near the ocean .
Boys outside a building .
Kids play soccer in front of a marble building with giant oak doors .
several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door
Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door .
The four children are playing with a ball outside a building .
A few people standing around and a couple hugging .
A woman embraces a smiling man at a party .
A woman hugging a man at a formal occassion .
A woman hugs a man at an evening event .
Person in black with brown hair hugging man in black pinstripe jacket in a room of other people .
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags .
A large crowd of people , some with green , white and tan striped flags .
a parade has many flags and people .
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags .
People hold flags in a crowded block .
A gorup of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door .
Children kicking ball in front of very large medieval looking building
Children play in front of a large door .
Four boys playing a game with a soccer ball in front of a large set of ornate doors .
Kids playing ball outside in front of building .
Two girls in blue dresses dance .
Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
Two little girls are smiling in blue dresses .
Two little girls in blue dresses laugh .
Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near a armchair .
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing .
A shirtless child dances with an adult man .
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors .
Man and child dancing .
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long haired child in front of a painting .
A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse .
A girl is hanging on the fence watching a horse .
A little girl stands on the fence while peeking through it to look at the horse .
A young girl clings to a fence ant watches the horse on the other side .
A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse .
A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building .
A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones .
a single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music
Person in a black hat , jacket , pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background .
Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb .
A strange piece of art with lights .
Onlookers view picture with wires and lights .
The two people are viewing an artist 's piece .
The two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall .
Two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort .
a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street .
A man wearing a bowler cap and scarf .
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd .
A man wearing a hat is standing in a crowd of people .
The old man is wearing glasses , a scarf , and a hat .
Two boys are sprinting on a running track .
Two boys race each other on foot .
Two men in a running contest .
two young men running along a track .
Two young men run on a track outside .
A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall .
A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall .
A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti .
A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti .
A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall .
A boy holds a fishing net .
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground .
A boy playing with a racquet .
A child holds a catcher with a mouse in it .
A child plays with a tennis racket on the ground .
A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball .
A man plays tennis .
A man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .
A tennis player focuses on the ball as he prepares to hit it , while a cameraman stands in the background next to a La Quinta advertising logo .
The tennis player holds his racket up anticipating the ball .
A man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns .
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .
A man reaching up to grasp a rock formation .
A smiling man climbs a rock .
Man with widows peak reaching up rock face .
A climber hanging from an ice pick in the side of a frozen waterfall .
A climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff .
A man repels down a snowy mountain .
A rock climber scales an icy wall .
The climber is wearing a red jacket as he climbs the ice .
A man doing a trick on skis .
A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps .
A skier in a plaid jacket flies through the air against a dark blue sky .
Person in dark pants and print top on ski 's in the air over snow covered ground .
The person is jumping through the air on skis .
A man and a woman walk at a flea market .
An asian couple walks through a market .
A young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
A young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
People standing and walking in a flea market .
An Asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas .
A woman holding bags behind plantains .
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand .
A woman shops for bananas in an open-air market .
Woman by green bananas at an open air market
A bicyclist catches some air
A helmeted boy on a bike flies through the air as he rides among dirt hills with a river in the background .
A man is doing a stunt outside on his bike
Bike rider doing a high jump over hilly track , water in background .
This helmeted person is doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors .
A child in a red and grey coat in front of a wooden shed .
A child 's shadow is shown behind him .
A little boy in a thick jacket stands with his hand high over his head .
The little boy in the red jacket is casting a shadow .
This boy is waving around his arms outside .
A brown and black dog runs over the green grass .
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees .
A dog runs on the green grass near a grove of trees .
A dog with a brown and white coat runs through a field of bright green grass .
A fairly large dog is running through the grass
A boy jumps near a brick structure .
A child is jumping on a trampoline in front of a brick wall and below colored flags .
A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony .
A small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below .
Boy falling from railing with building , colorful banners in background .
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
A man climbs icy rocks .
A man climbs up a sheer wall of ice .
A man in a red jacket mountain climbing an icy rock mountain .
A person in a red and black outfit climbing the side of an icy mountain ,
A crowd of people sit an walk across dirty streets
A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street .
A woman is sitting on the curb staring off into the distance .
Many people are standing outside on a street filled with litter .
One woman sitting on a sidewalk with others to the side and behind her .
a man in a black outfit is riding a blue snowmobile across the snow .
A man riding a purple snowmobile
A man wearing snow clothes and a helmet drives a snow vehicle in the snow .
A man with a helmet is going snowmobiling .
A person riding a snowmobile on large amounts of snow .
The dogs run through the field near the water .
Two black dogs are chasing each other through shallow grass toward water .
Two dogs are running towards the water through brown grass .
Two dogs are running toward the water .
Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A brown dog is standing in the water .
A brown dog standing in water .
A dog stands in water .
A dog with golden fur is chest deep in water .
The dog is in the water looking back .
Two cowboys on horseback lasso a young calf to the ground .
Two cowboys on horses wrangle a calf in a rodeo .
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral .
Two men ride horses and a calf runs between them .
Two people on horses chasing cow in an arena .
A cowboy on a horse ropes a steer .
A cowboy trying to rope a bull while on a horse
A cowboy wrangles a calf in a rodeo .
a girl on a horse trying to catch a bull with a rope
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .
One little girl dressed in pink watches another , also wearing some pink , jump on the trampoline .
Two girls are jumping on the trampoline in a backyard .
Two girls in pink on trampoline , one sitting and one jumping
Two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them .
Two small girls are jumping on an outdoor trampoline in a backyard .
Dogs run out of the water toward a rocky beach .
Three dogs are in the water next to a rocky shorline .
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .
Two large dogs and a small dog play in a lake .
Two medium dogs and a small dog are playing in shallow water .
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .
Two old people walk down a set of stairs , holding hands .
Two people are walking onto a stepping stone path .
Two people holding hands and walking in a field .
Two people walk outside while holding hands .
A man in a blue wetsuit surfs .
A surfer in blue rides a wave .
A surfer is being splashed by an ocean wave .
a surfer makes a big splash .
Person with a blue and black suit is surfing .
A man and two woman are riding around on a motor scooter .
A man and two women are all sat on a single motor scooter .
A man and two women are riding a vehicle that is racing past the surrounding scenery .
A man and two women on one motorcycle .
three people riding on a motorcycle
A car is zooming off with fire coming out of its exhaust pipe .
A race car has fire shooting out the back .
A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear .
Fire is coming out of the back of a race car .
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .
A beige dog with a collar looks on as a brown dog swims in the water .
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water .
A curly haired dog is standing on a beach while staring at a dog in deep water .
A white , curly haired dog is wearing a harness and watching another black and brown dog in the water .
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water .
A black dog approaches the camera with his hind legs raised and his ears forward .
A black dog in the backyard .
A black dog running in a backyard
A black dog running in a grassy fenced in yard .
a black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
A brown dog laying on its back .
A brown dog lies upside down on the cement road .
A dog lies on his back on a road .
A large dog is laying on its back , outside on a blacktop , with its legs in the air .
A tan dog is rolling on his back on some asphalt with a bike and a scooter in the background .
A boy standing on railing
A boy stands on a rail with his arms outstretched .
An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure .
A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building .
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
A child outside with snow .
A child wearing a red coat and cap is holding a large chunk of snow .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her .
A shawled woman sits with others .
a small group of people sitting together outside .
A woman in a headscarf sits near children in a box decorated with flowers and balloons .
The old woman is sitting with the children surrounded by streamers .
A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse .
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers .
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp .
A group of people are standing around a red firetruck .
A group of people are standing beside a firetruck .
A group of people in front of a red firetruck .
A group of people with a fire engine in the background .
A red firetruck is parked beside a group of people and kids standing in the street .
Two men getting ready to take a motorcycle ride .
Two men park their red motorcycles near a church .
Two motorcycles and their riders .
Two people dressed in leather are standing beside their motorcycles .
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall .
A girl in her ballet class
A little girl in a dancing class .
A little girl in a pink tutu practices dancing with scarves .
A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves .
Some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric .
A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes .
A group of men walk on a street with yellow ribbon in front of a white and red building .
A group of middle eastern men are walking down a street in front of a building .
Man in maroon turban standing in road while people walk past
Many people are walking down a road in both directions , some are wearing turbans
A dog running outside .
A light brown dog is running in a grassy area .
A long-haired dog is running across the grass toward the camera , its tongue hanging out of its open mouth .
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field .
Dog running in a field .
A girl in a white dress is playing with bubbles while a mother and daughter stand to the side .
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles .
A young girl in a white dress watches bubbles while a woman and girl toddler observe .
Two girls looking at bubbles in the air .
Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them .
A little boy in red walks and eats a snack while a little boy in green walks behind .
A young boy eats chips while another little boy follows .
Two children walk on a tiled floor .
Two little kids walk side by side while one eats something .
two young children walking on a tiled floor
A man in a sleeveless shirt is performing an aerial stunt along a graffiti-covered wall .
a man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall .
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
A young man skates down the side of a colorful wall .
The man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall .
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air
A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain .
A dog runs along a forest lane .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest .
A white and brown shaggy dog is running down a dirt path in a park .
The curly haired white dog is running down a wooded path .
A biker doing a jump in a forest .
a boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods
A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest .
A guy racing his motorcycle on a trail .
A man is riding his bicycle through the woods .
A black dog and a brindle dog wrestle in the dry grass beside a body of water .
a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog .
Two dogs fight or play in a field .
Two dogs in a rocky field , face to face , with a stick between them .
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake .
A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle .
A group of basketball players in a huddle .
A sports team is in a huddle with hands together .
Basketball players huddle .
Players wearing black
a brown dog is sitting on the grass wearing a blue sports jacket .
A dog in a blue sweater is sitting in the grass .
A gray dog sits on a lawn wearing a bright blue long sleeved jacket .
A gray dog wearing a blue long sleeved zip-up jacket .
The gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket .
A dog biting a man 's rear
A dog trying to bite a man who is training him
A large , brown dog is jumping on a man in a protective suit .
Dog nudges owner while out for a stoll in the grass .
Police dog has caught a trainer .
A black dog inside house is looking at something at higher position .
A black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room .
A black dog is hunched back and is ready to jump .
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet .
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet .
A black dog catches a red and blue tennis ball .
A black dog on a yard of grass is catching a blue and red ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a green collar holds a red and blue object in its mouth .
A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass .
A small black dog playing with a ball in the grass .
A group of three dogs competing in a competition .
Three dogs in colored sweaters run across grass , with ladder and hand in background .
Three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys .
Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .
Three dogs wearing colored outfits running .
A small child running on the beach
A young boy in swim trunks runs along a sandy beach .
A young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees .
A young child is running through a large puddle at a beach surrounded by trees .
Young boy walking along the beach .
A man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf
An older , balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves .
An old man dozes off near a bookshelf .
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf .
This bald man , who appears to be asleep , is sitting at a table at a library .
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar .
A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder and another girl is playing the guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder while another one holds a guitar .
Young girls are playing musical instruments .
Two girls talk and laugh together .
Two ladys laugh and smile .
Two smiling young women in brown converse .
two woman smiling standing next to each other
Two young women are outside wearing bags .
Two bmx riders racing on a track
Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track .
Two motocross riders next to each other on a dirt track .
Two motorcyclists are on a dirt track .
Two people wearing racing uniforms are riding racing motorcycles .
A man and a woman are sitting down and eating .
A woman eating at a restaurant with other people .
A Woman sitting by a man is eating a plate of french fries .
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal .
The girl sitting next to the man wearing a white t-shirt is eating french fries .
A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers .
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street .
A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street .
A little girl is standing by a metal pole holding her fingers up in a v sign .
A young girl holds up a peace sign .
A mama bear and its cub are growling directly at one another .
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open .
Two bears are growling at each other .
Two bears bare their teeth at one another .
Two brown bears touching , face to face , with mouths open .
A white dog and a brown dog playing violently .
A white dog fights with a brown dog .
A white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard .
In a fenced yard with a white house in the background , a white dog jumps in the air beside a brown dog .
The white dog is jumping up at the brown dog .
An ice hockey player in red is challenging the player in white for the puck .
The goalie has come out of the goal to steal the puck from the other team .
Two athletes playing in a hockey game .
Two hockey players trying to get the puck .
Two hockey players try to get control of the puck as the referee looks on .
A group of men in camouflage pants , break dancing on a stage at a community baseball field .
a man gives another man a piggy back ride .
Four men dance on a stage wearing yellow and orange shirts .
Three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts .
Two men in yellow are dancing with two men in brown on a stage .
a bmx rider gets some air .
A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike .
A man on an orange bike .
A man on an orange bike jumps in the air with the city line behind him .
The man is performing a trick with an orange bicycle .
A brown dog in a pink shirt chews something white while a brown dog in yellow watches .
A brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt .
A dog in a pink shirt with something white in his mouth and a dog in a yellow shirt .
The two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field .
Two dogs fetching an object in a field .
A long haired white dog is in an area covered with fallen brown leaves .
A white dog standing on fallen leaves .
A white dog standing on leaves on the ground .
A white furry dog is running through leaves .
A white furry dog is walking on leaves with its tongue sticking out .
A group of dancers onstage .
Four men do a dance onstage together .
Four men do a synchronized dance on an outdoor stage .
four young man performing on a stage .
Four young men dance onstage .
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch .
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches .
A tattooed man dunks a basketball .
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .
A brown dog jumping in the air
A brown dog jumps in a wooded area .
A brown dog jumps in the air .
A dog jumping into the air .
Dog running along a dirt path .
a black dog running through a grassy field
A black dog running towards the camera .
A black dog runs through a field .
A dog running fast with ears flying .
Black dog running in swampy grass
An elderly person holds a white doge and kisses their cheek .
An old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her .
An old woman is holding a large white dog tightly while sitting in a large red chair in front of some electronics .
A person is hugging a big white dog and on a red recliner .
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .
A dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth .
A small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth .
A white and black dog carrying a ball on the beach .
A white dog is running with a brown ball in its mouth .
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .
A child in a green sweatshirt is collecting colored eggs
A small child is holding a basket of brightly colored Easter eggs and is picking up a pink one from the grass .
A young boy carrying a basket collects Easter eggs in the grass .
A young child is picking up Easter eggs in the grass .
The child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand .
A man has his hand on his head while a speaker is speaking .
A man in a suit touches his head while another speaks at a microphone .
A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke .
A man wearing a suit scratches the back of his head at a meeting .
a picture taken from the back of osme kind of large meetinghall .
Two black dogs in the snow
Two black dogs on a snow covered ground , the ground appears blue in the background , one dog is jumping with feet off the ground .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
Two black dogs play in snow .
Two dogs run through the snow .
A long haired skateboarder is airborne above a set of cements steps and a metal Bannister .
A man jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps .
A skateboarder props up on a pole just before descending .
The skateboarder tries to do a trick down the railing .
a crowd of people are at the top of steps in front of a white building .
A crowd of people dressed for warm weather stand in line in front of a building waiting for something .
A group of people standing outside of a building .
A large group of people have formed a line outside .
A wide line of people .
A group of cyclers race around a track .
A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track .
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits .
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track .
Ten cyclists in different colors are racing around a bend in the track .
A brown dog is doing amazing stunts in the dog show .
A brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park .
A golden haired dog is running over a red ramp with onlookers nearby .
Dog climbing up and over and red wooden ramp .
The brown dog jumped the red obstacle .
A man in uniform presents paperwork to another for his signature .
A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat .
Two men are holding papers , while one of them writes something .
Two men getting a document signed
Two men with heads down signing a paper .
A big dog running through the water
A brown and white dog runs through the water with trees and branches around .
A dog runs through shallow water .
A tan and white dog runs through water .
There is a beige and white dog running through water .
a dirt bike rider holds up his finger .
A man wearing a sponsor covered motorcycling suit sits on a motorbike raising his hand .
A motorcycle racer is gesturing at somebody .
A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air .
The person in the blue jacket has a colorful helmet on .
A boy runs down a concrete hill .
A little boy in a black shirt and blue jeans walking down a path .
little boy enjoying a day at the park
Little boy runs downhill at camera , gazebo in background .
The young child in the black shirt and jeans ran down the path .
A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
Two women are walking casually down the street together .
A dog laying on the ground looks up at the dog standing over him .
Black dog is submissive on ground to brown dog .
Three black dogs .
Two dogs , one lying down , play in a yard .
Two dogs play with one another outside .
A child going down a green slide .
A child slides down a green slide .
Camera looks down inside green tube as child slides away .
Child slides down green plastic tubular slide .
The child is sliding down a green tunnel slide .
A guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A man in a sports jacket with longish brown hair and glasses is getting the attention of several photographers .
A man in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A man in glasses speaks as men holding cameras look at him .
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses .
Two boys are touching the glass of an aquarium with a seal inside .
Two boys watch a seal in an aquarium .
Two children reaching out toward a swimming seal .
Two children touch the glass of a large tank containing a seal .
Two young boys touching glass where they can see a seal swimming by .
Two fencers are in a bout in a white gym .
Two fencers practice together ; one jumps as the other crouches .
Two people are fencing .
Two suited fencers pointing their swords at each other .
Two sword fighters training .
A person in a white , black and red coat is skiing down a slope .
A person skis in the snow , snow flies behind .
A woman skiing down a snowy hill .
solitary skier nears base of a downhill slope
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .
A male hiker is standing on top of a very large rock and is taking pictures .
A man on a rocky peak .
A man partially silhouetted on top of a large rock .
A man with a hat is standing on a high rock with a cloud-covered sky in the background .
A person standing a rocky ridge .
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera .
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture .
Five men in uniform stand together near a building .
Four policemen or security officers are posing for a photo while two of them embrace .
Of these five men in police or security uniforms , two are hugging .
A bee hovering over white flowers .
A black-blue insect flying over a white flower .
A black insect approaches a flower .
A blue insect is flying near the bloom of a flowering plant .
The bee hovers above the flower .
A girl in a floral shirt and jeans stands on a rocky shore looking toward the water
A litle girl stands on a rocky shore at looks out at the water .
A little girl in jeans is standing by the seashore .
A young girl stands on a rocky beach looking at the water .
A young girl stands on some rocks staring at the ocean .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog leaps over a fence .
A dog leaps over a wooden fence as another is about to .
There are two dogs ; one leaps over the fence and the other tries to .
Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence .
A man with his dog sitting against a white building in the grass .
A person siting against a wall with a dog .
A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog .
Dog and owner sitting on lawn .
Person sitting and leaning back against white house while dog sits in front of him
A man is jumping in the air on his skateboard .
A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump .
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .
A man performs a trick on his mini-race car , with one leg flying out in the sky .
The boy is in the air with a machine with wheels .
An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office .
An older woman is drinking tea and reading a newspaper .
A woman drinking from a mug and reading the paper .
A woman reads a tabloid while drinking coffee .
A woman read the paper and drinks from a coffee cup in front of an art gallery poster .
a man in a purple shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is pulling a funny face .
A man in a purple shirt looking at a man in a black shirt making a silly face .
a man watching another man do a kissing pose
Man making kissing face for the camera , while another man looks on .
Two men sit together and one looks at the other while he makes a funny face .
A girl in a pink snowsuit splashes into dirty flood water next to a picnic table .
A little girl dressed in pink is falling in water while another girl dressed in red watches .
a young child in a pink snow outfit falling into a puddle .
Two children play in the melting slush .
Two kids are dressed up and playing in the water .
A person is standing on a brick ledge taking a picture of something in the distance .
A woman takes a photograph .
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .
The woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall .
Woman standing on a brick wall and taking a picture
An empty chairlift and a chairlift occupied by two people are moving .
Skiers riding a ski carousel
Two people are in a sky carriage .
Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them .
Two people on a ski-lift .
A group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets .
Peolple wearing Hawaiian shirts hold buckets by the water .
People stand on the edge of a waterway striped with red and white where a large wall looms in the background .
Several people stand with water pails .
Six children stand with buckets at a racing dock .
The two men look at the shoreline from atop the bluff .
two men look over cliff near the beach .
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach .
Two people at the top of a beach side cliff .
Two people stand on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a beige dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
A blond dog with long hair carying a tennis ball .
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
Light colored dog running with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
A skateboarder does a trick in midair .
A skateboarder in the air in front of wires .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
Skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump .
The skateboarder is leaping in the air in front of the telegraph pole .
A group of people cross the street with buckets and poles .
A group of seven Asian girls and boys are waiting to cross a street .
A group of teenagers wait to cross the street .
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate .
Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street .
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket .
A little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet .
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket .
A young girl , in an orange dress , holding a tennis racket .
The little girl in the red flowered dress and pink cape is holding a racket .
A man is snowboarding down a skislope .
A man snowboards down a snow-covered hill .
A person in grey snowboarding down a hill .
Snowboarding youth going downhill
The man is snowboarding down a slope with gear and a hat
A woman wearing black , a woman wearing white and a man wearing a grey suit sit on a green bench in front of Dupar 's restaurant .
Three people are sitting on a bus stop bench in between two tropical palm trees .
Three people on a bench in front of a restaurant .
Three people sit on a bench under palm trees .
Three people sitting on a bus stop bench .
A boy has climbed to the top of a slide .
A child at the top of a slide .
A child climbs to the top of a slide .
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
A group of kids are writing with a black marker on one of their friend 's back .
A group of young men laugh as they write on a friend 's back with a marker .
Boys at a party drawing on their friend 's back with a black marker .
Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers .
People are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker .
Children sit in a classroom holding slates .
Five of the six children have their own chalkboard .
Six African children sitting at two tables .
Six children are sitting in two rows with plastic bags on the desk in front of them .
Three children sitting at desks .
A girl dances on a sidewalk .
A girl in a polka dotted top and pink pants plays outside .
A girl wearing pink dances on the sidewalk .
The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on .
Watching a child from behind as their long hair flies out .
a brown dog is walking down some steps under tree .
A brown dog is walking down steps .
A dog is walking down steps .
Brown dog with white marking on forehead coming down cement steps .
The dog comes down the steps .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball .
A black dog looks up at a white ball that 's in midair .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
A dog plays catch with a white ball near a wooden fence .
A girl in a pink dress carries a younger girl .
A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister .
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk .
A little girl is holding a younger little girl and running with her .
Two young girls embrace on the sidewalk .
A man rides a ski lift up a mountain .
The man and woman ride the ski lift up the snowy mountain .
two men sit on a chairlift .
Two people ride up the mountain on a ski life .
two people wearing skis on chairlift
A dog running out of the water onto the beach .
A dog runs on the beach near a city .
A white dog is running on a beach towards a domed building .
A white dog plays on the beach near a large city .
The white dog by the water .
A pregnant protester holding up a pro-America sign .
A protesting woman is holding a poster .
A woman in a black and white dress is holding up a protest sign .
A woman wearing a black and white dress is holding a large sign .
Woman in sleeveless black and white print top holding up a sign .
A man holding a political sign .
A man in jeans & a cowboy hat holds up a sign .
a man wearing a cowboy hat holding a protest sign .
A man with a cowboy hat and an anti-tax sign .
A protester in a cowboy gear holds up a sign that says , " Dont tax me bro! "
A few horses race each other on the track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night .
Race dog # 2 is ahead of a few other dogs .
Several greyhounds with numbered shirts racing around a track .
The dogs in numbered uniforms are running .
A cyclist is riding past buildings with backpack and cycling gear .
A cyclist rides his black bicycle while wearing a yellow jacket and white helmet .
A cyclist with a helmet , backpack , and yellow jacket .
A man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle .
a man with a backpack wearing a yellow raincoat is riding a bicycle past red brick and stone wall .
A brown dog jumping over a obstacle .
A dark brown dog wearing a yellow harness is jumping over a hurdle in an agility competition .
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition .
Brown dog with yellow harness jumping over white obstacle
Dog jumping a hurdle in a sporting event .
A dirt bike flies upside down as the rider tumbles toward the dirt .
A man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope .
A person falling off a dirt bike in the middle of a dirt bike race .
Bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack .
The biker falls while the boys watch .
A boy helps to push a young girl on the swing .
A boy pulls back a swing with a little girl on it
A boy pushes a girl on a swing .
A child pushes another child on a swing .
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside .
A black dog is moving through a snowy field with an object in their mouth .
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
A black dog with a stuffed animal in its mouth is running and jumping through a snowy field .
A brown dog holding an object in its mouth is moving through snow-covered tall grass outdoors .
A dog carreis an object through the snowy grass .
A guy on a snowboard .
A man in blue coat , snowboarding down a mountain , in midair jump .
A person in blue on a snowboard during a jump .
A snowboarder riding downhill
Man snowboarding down a mountain .
A dirt bike rider is midair while on a trail .
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road .
A man does a bike trick on a dirt path .
Man performing a trick on a bicycle outside .
The man jumped in the air with his motorcycle .
two children are playing on a swing made out of a tire .
Two children swing around in a tire swing at a park .
Two children swinging on a tire swing .
two small children happily playing on a tire swing .
Two small children wearing blue jeans enjoy swinging in a tire swing .
A guy is grinding a rail over a tree on his snowboard .
A man snowboarding making a jump off a steel guardrail .
A snowboarder grinding up a homemade ramp .
a snowboarder is riding his board on ramp made from a piece of metal and a log .
The man is skateboarding over a log in the snow .
A male rides a skateboard in the road .
A man wearing black shorts in skateboarding in the street .
A man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
A man with no shirt speed skateboards downhill .
Shirtless man skateboards down a sunny roadside
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .
A motorcyclist rides .
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack .
Number 97 races his motorcycle while wearing his black and red outfit .
Person on a red , white , and black racing motorcycle .
A girl throws a Frisbee .
A little girl in a red tracksuit is throwing a Frisbee
A little girl tries to throw a Frisbee .
A small child in red throws a disc .
A toddler prepares to throw a Frisbee .
Two dogs play together while their owners watch .
Two guys have dogs on leashes and one of the dogs is jumping .
Two men , one in grey and one in orange , and two dogs in front of several vehicles .
Two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps
Two white dogs are being held on leashes by two men in front of some cars .
A large , white bird skates across the top of some water .
A white bird with a long neck flying low over the water
The large white bird grazes the water .
White bird in water preparing to fly .
White bird starting to take flight from a lake .
A man with a helmet rides his bike on a bumpy path .
A mountain biker rides across a rocky terrain .
A person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike .
A person on a bike is riding through a rocky trail in the woods .
Man in safety gear riding a bike on a rocky trail .
A black dog leaping off the sand .
A black dog running on the beach near the shore .
A black dog runs on the beach .
A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach .
A dog leaps on the sandy beach .
A baby clutching a stuffed animal is smiling .
A little girl in a fleecy jacket holds a stuffed animal and smiles .
A little girl in a white jacket holding a piglet toy .
A little girl is wearing a winter coat and holding a stuffed animal in one hand .
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .
Two girls playing at a playground .
Two girls playing on parallel bars at the playground .
Two girls play on a set of parallel bars .
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars .
Two young girls play on a set of parallel bars in a playground .
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business .
A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins .
A group of women wearing red all rally together .
Five women in red shirts clapping .
Women wearing red and black are clapping .
A black dog jumps at a ball held by a man wearing blue jeans , a blue striped shirt , and a dark blue jacket .
A man and a dog play with a yellow ball .
A man blays with a black dog and a yellow ball .
man playing with a dog with a yellow ball
The black dog is jumping up at the yellow ball being held by the man .
a brown dog running along the dirt shore of a stream
A small dog running on a beach .
A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean .
A woman sitting on the sand at the beach , with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her .
Dog running away from woman on the seashore .
A brown dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
A large tri-colored dog clears a green , yellow and white jump set up in the grass .
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field .
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog in midair over a hurdle .
A black and white dog is jumping over a fence in an obstacle course .
A black and white dog jumps a red and white hurdle on a lawn with other dogs and people .
A dog jumps over a red and white gate .
The dog jumps over an obstacle .
A man is riding an ATV over a hill
A person flies through the air while riding an off-road vehicle on a dirt road .
A person riding a four wheel ATV over a jump .
a quad launches from a dirt jump .
Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt .
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .
A little girl climbs up a rock climbing jungle gym at a park .
A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground .
Girl climbing on a climbing wall
The little girl is climbing a wall in the park barefoot .
A skateboarder in midair while doing a jump .
A skateboarder is airborne between a white building and an American flag .
a young skateboarder jumping a trick in the air .
Man jumping with a skateboard in a parking lot .
The skateboarder is jumping in the air .
A brown and white dog is walking on a woodland path .
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods .
A shaggy dog walks on a dirt road in a forest in winter .
Brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background .
There is a brown and white dog running over dirt .
A man in green and black gets muddy on a dirt bike .
A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt .
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .
man in green uniform riding dirt bike
This man is wearing green and black equipment to ride his dirt bike .
A laughing woman holding a little girl .
An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together .
A smiling woman embracing a young girl in a jacket with an apple print .
A woman holding a girl , who wears an apple themed coat .
A woman with a pink sweater is smiling as she holds a child .
A woman from CBS talking to a man in a white shirt .
A woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt .
a woman interviews a man .
A woman with a mic interviews the soccer player .
A woman with a microphone from CBS is asking a man a question .
A bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course .
A black and white dog jumps over a pole .
A black and white shaggy dog is jumping over a red and white hurdle .
A furry black and white dog jumps over a bar during an agility test .
The black and white furry dog jumps over a low pole in a grassy area .
A little girl is sitting on the shoulder of a man wearing a black cap .
A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders .
The little girl is riding on the man 's shoulders .
The man carries a small girl on his shoulders .
The man is carrying a young girl with pigtails on his shoulders .
A boy emerging from a green slide
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
Little boy in green tube smilling with his hair sticking up he has on a black and blue striped shirt and tennis shoes .
Little boy sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face .
Small boy in striped shirt sliding out of green tube
A little girl swings while her hair flies in the wind .
A little girl with red hair and a teal tracksuit on a swing .
A redheaded girl with a turquoise jacket is swinging .
A young girl wearing a blue sweatshirt smiles as her hair is up in the air .
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .
A downhill skier in black pants and jacket .
A guy skiing down the snowy slope .
A man in blue skiing downhill .
A man skiing down a snowy hill .
A older man skiing down a mountain on a clear day
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background .
A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings .
The child is running through the grassy field .
Young girl in red top and striped pants running with a kite .
A man bowls with a red ball .
A man bowls with a red bowling ball .
A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
a young man about to throw a red bowling ball down the lane
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley .
a boy is creating large splashes whilst swimming in the ocean .
A boy with black hair and dark skin is swimming in murky water .
A child splashes in a lake .
A little boy jumped into the water and made a big splash .
A young boy falling into a body of water .
a lone man sitting on a ledge that overlooks the beach
A man sits on a hill overlooking the ocean .
A man sits on the gravel by an ocean .
A young man sits on a cliff , watching the ocean .
Seated man looks out at the ocean .
A crowd watching a dirt bike race
A group of people on the sidelines of an ATV race .
A line of people staring at the vehicles on the dirt track
A line of spectators at a race .
People standing at fence watching motor vehicles in field
A couple of people are riding ATV 's on a dirt track .
At the track , the man with the yellow 4-wheeler and black helmet , is going around the dirt road .
ATV racers coming around a corner .
People on ATV vehicles are competing against each other .
People racing on ATV 's in full protective garb
a boy under an umbrella is held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A man carries a baby in a big city .
A man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city .
Child experiences new world
The baby sees something that excites him as he is being carried through the city by Dad .
A person climbing a stone embankment .
A person in the distance rock climbs in the woods .
A rock climber is descending off a large rock
The person is climbing a large rock in a wooded area .
This person is climbing a rocky area outdoors .
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .
A person on a bmx bike .
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier .
The biker in blue is going around a corner .
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
Two furry light brown dogs lying on a hardwood floor .
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
Two white dogs are laying in the doorway of a wooden floored apartment .
Two white dogs playing in the house near a computer monitor .
Two white , long haired dog are in a hallway on a wooden floor .
a bald man is doing the splits on the dancefloor
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor
An older man does the splits on a hardwood floor .
Older man in a nice outfit and tie does the splits on a wood floor .
The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split .
a boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back .
A boy sits under a bear with Einstein 's picture on it .
A picture of Albert Einstein on a white bear statue , with a little boy standing under the bear statue 's face .
A portrait of Einstein is painted on statue of a polar bear .
Painting of Albert Einstein on a bear with child reaching up .
A woman and two elderly men are standing in front of a speaker .
A woman and two men wearing black jackets .
A woman and two men wearing hats and glassess are standing under a avrovulcan.com sign .
A woman and two older gentlemen who are both wearing hats .
Three older people stand in front of an avrovulcan.com sign .
A girl is being splashed by water in a pool .
A girl wearing blue water googles is being splashed in the face with water by a fellow swimmer .
A woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past .
The woman is in a pool and being splashed
Two people are in a swimming pool with water splashing around .
A man in orange pants and a ponytail is free climbing a rock face .
A man is rock climbing without gear .
A man wearing orange pants climbs a rock .
a rock climber with it shirt off
Sweating , shirtless man climbing up rock face .
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden .
Three children on a swing set .
Three children playing on a swing-set in a grassy yard .
Three children play on a swing set .
Three little kids on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .
A climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground .
A person hanging off of a cliff .
A person is rock climbing underneath of a rock overhang .
A rock climber clings to a steep overhanging rock high above a mesa .
Scenic view with person dangling precariously from a rock formation
A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti .
A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti covered ramp .
A young boy jumps his bicycle on a tagged bike ramp .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp .
A boy flips out of the pink intertube while a boy in the green tube watches .
A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches .
Two boys fooling around in pool with inflatable lifesavers
Two boys in a pool with two tube rafts .
Two guys are in a pool and one is falling of his innertube .
A dog is walking on the sand and people are all over the beach .
A dog walks across the sand next to a river in front of rolling hills .
A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals .
People and dog at beach surrounded by mountains .
some people and dog are enjoying the beach of a bay surrounded by green hills .
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
A black and white dog is splashing around in the water .
A black and white dog is splashing in a stream .
A dog playing in some water .
A white dog is splashing in an outdoor stream next to a grassy bank .
A little girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt get splashed by a city fountain .
A mother and daughter at a fountain
A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain .
A young girl plays on the edge of a fountain while an older woman watches .
a young girl standing in front of a fountain with a woman to her side
A group of 5 people standing wearing name badges
A group of people posing in a concert area .
five people are standing in front of an industrial style building posing for a photograph .
Five people pose for a picture in a gym .
Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together .
A man in a grey shirt is standing in a crowded street at night .
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
A man with glasses and a grey shirt is on a crowded street .
Man wearing pass on a lanyard and standing in a crowd of people .
One man with his eyes closed standing in a crowd .
A bicyclist is riding down a leaf strewn trail .
A bike rider with a yellow helmet and red jacket corners a trail in a leafy wooded area .
A cyclist in a yellow helmet is biking through the woods in fall .
A man in a yellow helmet riding his bike on a trail through the woods .
A man on a bike is riding on a trail through the woods in the fall .
Dogs on grass .
Three dogs are running on the grass .
Three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass .
Three dogs run along a grassy yard .
Three dogs run together in the grass .
A buy is grinding a rail on a snowboard .
A person is jumping a ramp on a snowboard .
A snowboarder goes down a ramp .
A snowboarder going over a ramp .
A snowboarder performs a jump on the clean , white snow .
A barber is cutting a man 's hair .
a beautiful arrangement of flowers with a man cutting hair in the background
a vase of red roses with a man cutting hair in the background .
Barber giving a haircut .
Two men , one in white and another in blue .
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground .
A lady stands on the street , surrounded by school children .
a woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house .
Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings .
Many children and some parents are waiting near a decorated castle .
A crowded city street .
A crowd is gathering in a town square .
A crowd of people looking at something .
a group of tourists are gathered together in front of the restroom in a busy city square .
Crowd at an outdoor event
A group of dogs runs beside a pond through a field .
several multicolored dogs running through the grass .
Three black dogs , two with tan markings , are running along grass .
Three dogs running through a field .
Three dogs run on scrubby grass , a lake and picnic table nearby .
a man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave .
A person hanging off of a cliff on a rope .
A person rappels off a cliff face .
A rock climber hangs from a cliff in the mountains .
A rock climber repels down a cliff face above a heavily wooded area nearby mountains .
A child being held by an adult smiles at the camera .
A child in a blue jacket smiling .
A small child is smiling at the camera while being held by a smiling adult .
A woman holds a child dressed in blue .
A woman is holding a smiling child wearing a blue sweatshirt .
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp .
A boy rides his bike on a half-pipe .
A cyclist gets airborne on a ramp .
A man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp .
A teenage boy on a bicycle does tricks .
A man in camo pants and a blue and white shirt running on a concrete surface with other men dressed the same running behind him .
A man races another man in the background
Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot .
Men in uniform run along a track .
Several people are running quickly through a parking lot .
A girl in a pink shirt jumps and stars at a swan in the park .
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan .
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan .
A young girl with red hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan .
a young red haired girl jumping on the sidewalk next to a white duck .
A brown dog is in an agility contest and running towards a blue tube .
A dog is running during a competition .
A dog runs toward a tunnel .
A golden retriever is competing in a dog competition .
The brown dog is running towards a blue and yellow tube .
A guy with a black shirt is jumping over a chain on a skateboard .
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .
A man jumps over a brown chair while skateboarding .
The man in the black hat is jumping over a chair with his skateboard .
The man jumps off the chair .
A driver is sitting in a Team Penske race car .
A race car driver with an orange helmet sits in a team Penske Indy car at the raceway .
A race car sits in the pits .
Race car driver getting ready for the start of the race .
Racing car marked TEAM PENSKE on track , banners and spectators in background .
A shirtless man and a woman wearing at a park , wearing face paint and laughing .
People wearing body paint outside .
The man with his shirt off has paint under his eyes .
The people have paint on them .
Two friends in a park with face paint on their faces .
A blonde woman wearing a white top and black bottoms pushes a black stroller while a brunette male wearing a gray t-shirt and white shorts walks a brown dog .
A couple walking a dog and a child in a stroller in front of a store .
A man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him .
A man walks a brown dog while a woman pushes a stroller .
A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog .
Two children are sliding down a water slide .
Two children at the bottom of a purple water slide .
Two children in a raft on a water slide .
Two kids go down a purple water slide on a innertube .
Two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
A boy holding a racket is standing in the grass .
A boy in a purple shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass holding a round toy with a handle .
A boy playes with a stringless racket in his backyard .
a boy walks through the lawn .
A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence .
There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella .
Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy .
Two gondola drivers rest in the shade of a table umbrella .
Two gondoliers sitting in Venice
Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a building while a group of people climb a set of steps .
A brown dog running on the beach near the ocean .
A dog running on the beach
A wet dog in golden tones runs on the sand near the ocean .
A wet tan dog running across a beach .
A wet yellow dog runs along the shoreline .
A dog fetching a stick .
a little white and tan dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A little white dog runs on freshly mown grass , holding a small stick .
The small dog returns with his stick proudly .
The small fluffy white dog runs through the green grass with a tiny stick in its mouth .
A female volleyball player wearing a bikini jumps and spikes the ball .
a skinny woman spikes a volleyball over the net .
A woman is playing volleyball .
A woman playing volleyball at the beach .
A woman plays volleyball .
A dog with a muzzle is leading several other dogs in a race
A greyhound leaps in a race .
A muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following .
Five dogs are racing .
Five dogs are racing on a dirt track .
Three men , one dressed as an Islamic holy man , sit in a room with green walls doing paperwork , .
Three men sit on floor in green room .
three men sit on the carpet .
Three men sit together while one looks at a book .
Three middle eastern men are sitting on the floor by a green wall looking at some paperwork .
A grey helicopter hovering while someone drops in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit divind out of a helicopter low over the ocean .
A man wearing flippers jumps from a helicopter into the water .
Diver jumping into ocean from helicopter .
Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean .
A group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face .
Three boys are posing for a picture , one of them making a silly face .
Three boys pose on sidewalk , one boy holding a camera .
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing tee shirts and smiling .
Three young boys playing outside and posing for a picture
A brown dog chasing after something
A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass .
A brown dog is running in the grass .
A brown dog runs fast outside on green grass .
A German sheperd breed dog is running in the opposite direction of a person .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
Four children hold rolled up magazines to their eyes .
Four children looking through rolled up booklets .
Four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
Four children look through rolled-up magazines .
One man in a rugby uniform is grabbing the arm of another man holding a football .
The rugby player in the black strip is trying to keep the player in red and yellow from taking the ball .
The rugby players play on a field .
Two men are playing rugby .
Two men on a playing field , one of them holding a football .
A bride is throwing her bouquet to several women standing behind her .
A bride throwing her bouquet up in the air behind her , towards a group of ladies .
A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd .
A bride tossing her bouquet to a group of women .
A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her .
A race car coming around a curve on a gravel course creating lots of dust
A race car with a cloud of dust behind it
A rally car kicks up dirt as it makes a sharp turn .
Blue race car raises cloud of smoke on road as a crowd observes .
Car racing on a dirt road
A group of people sing and dance at a concert .
A group of people singing in front of a DJ at his station .
A group of performers dancing in front of two DJs .
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience .
Group of kids singing on a stage .
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air .
A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up .
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd .
Several people in a crowd , some with their arms raised .
The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people .
A boy in a red shirt wearing headphones is standing in front of a roped off kitchen
a boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
A boy with a red shirt with headphones is behind velvet ropes .
A young boy listens to music through headphones in front of a kitchen .
Boy in kitchen wearing headphones .
A bullfighter skewers his prey just as he 's hit by the bull .
A fancy outfitted bullfighter and bull .
A man stabs a bull in a bullfight .
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull
The matador is struck by a charging bull as he stabs it with his swords .
A boy does a trick on his bike as other kids watch .
A boy on a bicycle in midair
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike .
A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline .
A man on a BMX bike in midair
A little girl in a pink hat sniffing a white flower .
a little girl smelling a flower
A young girl is smelling the flowers .
Little girl with knit cap , smelling flowers .
The young child looked up toward the white flowers .
A boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases .
A boy is running around the bases in a baseball game .
A boy runs to a baseball base .
A child in a baseball uniform runs on a baseball field .
The young baseball player is running to one of the bases .
A black dog chasing another black dog down a grass covered hill .
One black dog and one mixed color dog run down a hill .
Two black dogs run through a field .
Two dogs race across a field on a sunny day .
Two dogs running in a field of dry grass on a clear day .
A child in white and pink is picking a white flowered tree next to a fence .
A girl in a pink hat pick a flower from a tree .
A young girl is picking blossoms from a tree .
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .
The girl dressed in pink and white , and wearing a knit cap , is reaching toward a flowering tree .
A baseball player throws the ball .
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game .
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
A teenage boy pitching a baseball .
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball .
A black and white dog emerges from a yellow tunnel being coached by a man in a blue shirt at a dog show .
A black and white dog is running out of a yellow tunnel with his trainer next to him .
A black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them .
a man in a yellow and blue shirt behind a dog that is running out from under a yellow cloth .
A small dog sprints away while its owner tries to catch it .
A woman leaning over to help a child in a stroller with a man laying down on a park bench and another sitting on a bench .
a woman ties her little girls shoes in front of a bench with a man sleeping on it
People at park sitting on benches and a woman taking care of her child in the stroller .
The woman helps her child as the men sit and lay on the bench .
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
a lady hangs from a tree with blue stuff tied around her .
An acrobat entangles herself in fabric twisted in the trees above .
A woman hanging from a tree , her leg wrapped in cloth .
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
Woman hangs on tree limb .
A girl in a green jacket leaps in the air .
A girl in green is jumping on concrete .
A woman with long hair jumps from a stone bench to another .
a young woman jumping to a beam
A young woman jumps from one bench to another .
A baseman and a ballplayer from the opposing team sliding onto base .
A runner slides into second base while the shortstop waits for the ball
Men participate in a baseball game .
Three baseball players in motion ; one sliding into a base , another running in the background .
Three men playing baseball and the one wearing a red helmet is sliding to the plate .
A dog plays on the beach .
A dog running on a beach .
a large dog runs on the beach with something hanging out of its mouth .
The dog ran across the beach .
The large black dog is running on the sand near the beach .
A motorcyclist is driving in a muddy pit .
A person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path .
A person riding a dirt bike on mud
A person with a helmet and googles on is riding a motorcycle in the dirt .
A rider in a yellow suits drives his dirt bike through the dirt .
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
A brown dog running with a long stick in his mouth .
The brown dog carried the stick in the grass .
The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
An older boy chases a laughing younger boy on the grass .
Two boys are running ; one 's smiling and being touched by the other .
Two children run and play in the grass .
Two young boys are running through a grassy area .
Two young boys run across a green yard .
A girl runs past a large model of a heart .
A young girl plays in front of a museum display about the human heart .
The girl is by the display .
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center .
The little girl enjoys playing in the indoor playground .
A bunch of guys in black play paintball .
a group of people wearing body Armour while fighting with paintball guns .
A paintball team shoots
Some people playing paintball .
Speed ball paintball team starting the first round .
A group of men play field hockey .
A player in blue falls on his face during a field hockey match .
Field hockey players in red and blue with one player taking a fall
Five males playing field hockey with man in white shirt on blue shorts on the ground .
The field hockey player takes a digger in a match .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open .
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field .
two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
A cyclist rides down a rocky mountain .
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a professional mountain bike through a forest .
A man on a mountain bike outdoors .
a man wearing a blue helmet riding a bike in the woods .
A mountain biker rides through a bike path .
A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange .
A man in a blue sweater , black leather jacket and gray hat is surrounded by people .
A man wearing a shirt and tie , looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd .
an old wearing a grey hat and a leather jacket surrounded by several other people .
Man wearing hat , cardigan , and tie in a crowd of people
A black and brown dog eyeing a fly .
A black dog looking at a fly .
A dog looks at a fly above its head .
A dog 's head is tilted back , and he appears to be looking at an insect flying by .
Brown and black dog with its nose pointed upwards .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
A girl carries a sign that reads The Rescue while a group of people follow her .
A girl wearing a headband is carrying a pink sign on the street .
A woman with a headband walking at the lead of a crowd , holding a sign saying " the rescue " .
A young girl in a blue shirt is walking in the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign that says , " The Rescue . "
Girl with blue shirt at a protest .
A person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe .
A snowboarder in the air above snow .
A snowboarder is in midair above a snow-covered ridge beneath a blue sky .
A snowboarder is in the air above a ramp of snow .
A man in a blue helmet and sunglasses bikes through wooded terrain
A man in a blue helmet rides a mountain bike .
A man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area .
A man with a blue helmet and a yellow and black jacket is riding a bike in the woods .
A mountain biker riding through the woods .
A male bicyclist wearing a blue helmet is out for a ride in the outdoors .
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike .
A mountain biker rides down a trail .
The man in the blue helmet is on a bike .
A man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness .
Biker with blue helmet riding along rustric trail .
The cyclist in riding downhill on a steep slope .
The helmeted man on a bicycle in riding down a rocky trail .
The mountain biker is descending the hill on a woodland trail .
A black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier .
A black dog jumping over an obstacle .
a black dog jumping over a yellow pole in an obstacle course
A dog is jumping over a hurdle .
Black dog jumping bar in obstacle course
A baseball player crouching to catch the ball as a runner slides to safety .
A boy is sliding towards a base while the baseman is waiting for the ball in a baseball game .
Little league slides into plate where rival player crouches in anticipation .
Two boys play in a little league game .
Two Children playing baseball at the park .
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera .
A group of people are standing by a window watching something .
A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject .
A group of people stand and wait to see something .
Crow of people taking pictures and clapping .
A man takes a picture in a crowd .
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .
At a concert , two men look on while another takes a photo .
The crowd is gathering for an event at Best Buy .
Two men in a crowd are turned around taking a picture together while a concert is going on in the background .
A group of men stand outside a glass and steel building .
Three men are looking at a wall very intently in a city .
Three men stand in a glass area .
Three people in a glass structure .
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure .
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall .
A child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball .
A little boy is holding a soccer ball
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball .
A small child wearing a hat and coat holding a large ball .
A girl in a green and pink outfit attempts to climb a wall made for kids .
A girl with a pink hat is climbing a playground wall .
A little girl climbing a rock wall .
A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall .
A young girl wearing a pink hat climbs on the playground equipment .
A large and a small dog are standing beside each other in a fence .
a large black dog chases a small black dog .
A large black dog towers over a far smaller black dog .
The big black dog is behind the little black dog .
Two black dogs are standing on the grass by a wooden fence .
a boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs
A dancer on steps .
A guy is skateboarding .
A person wearing a purple shirt stands on a skateboard at the top of a small stairway .
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs .
A bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree .
A person is riding a bike on a tree .
A person riding a bike with blue wheels on a tree trunk at night .
A young person doing a bike trick on a trunk of a tree .
Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree .
A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket .
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing .
Five children are playing on a large round swinging net .
Five children are rocking in a round swing .
The five children all sit together on the swing .
A little girl in a harness is in midair on a sunny day .
A little girl in a pink jacket and hat is swinging in a harness attached to yellow ropes .
A young child jumps in a bungee seat in front of a blue sky and tree .
Little girl in pink coat on a swing .
The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping .
A black dog lying on its back in green grass .
A black dog rolling in grass .
A dog rolling around in the grass .
Dog rolling in grass
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
A boy in a blue , playing soccer , about to kick the ball .
A soccer player is about to kick the ball near the goal .
A young soccer player chasing after the ball with another player on the right .
Children playing soccer with an adult in the background .
During a soccer game , a boy in blue attempts to kick the ball .
A child wearing a pink shirt is jumping into the air with their legs and arms spread .
A female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling .
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair .
A girl jumping on pavement .
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides .
A man and young boy in waders stand in very shallow water .
Two men are fishing in a river .
Two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond .
Two men fly fishing while standing in a river .
Two people are fishing in a pond
Two boys wrestling in the sand while a man looks on
Two kids wrestle as a man observes
Two little boys brush dirt off each other as a man watches .
Two young boys wrestle in the sand while a man watches .
Two young boys wrestling while an adult male looks on .
One girl wearing pajamas stands near to a girl who is holding a flyer .
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand .
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
Two girls in pajamas indoors .
Two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms , one holding a paper .
A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture .
A wedding photo , the bridesmaids in purple , all of the groomsmen jumping .
Bridal party posing in a park area .
The bridesmaids in purple surround the bride and groom with the groomsmen in the rear .
This wedding photo shows the wedding party , in purple and white , gathered outside .
Two dogs are running around a dog track wearing muzzles .
Two dogs race on a track .
Two greyhounds are competing in a race .
Two greyhounds race around a track .
Two muzzled greyhounds are running on a track .
A boy jumps off a short wall with his arms out .
A dark haired boy in sunglasses is jumping .
a little boy jumps off a yellow railling .
A young boy is jumping in the air in front of a concrete wall .
The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail .
A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match .
A man running with a ball as his opponent tries to grab him .
A man runs with a ball in his hand while a man from an opposing team tries to grab it .
Men play in a soccer game .
One rugby player trying to catch the player with the ball .
a closeup photo of a woman with sunglasses on her head at an art show
A smiling woman with long dark hair wearing sunglasses on top of her head .
A woman wearing glasses on her head stands in an art gallery .
A woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display .
Woman is making a half smile at the camera .
An Asian boy and an Asian girl are running through a field of tulips .
Boy and girl running through large field of red flowers .
Two children in a field of red flowers .
two children in a field of red poppies
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
Three kids laugh , a girl in the middle with a red jacket and red tie , a boy on either side .
Three smiling children sitting on a wooden bench
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling .
Three young children in colorful clothes are sitting on a bench close together .
Two boys one in a green shirt and one in a blue shirt and a girl in a red jacket and tie on a brown bench .
A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city .
A group of people are sitting in front of tents while one collects belongings .
Concentration campsite .
Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents .
The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them .
A man is steering his ship out at sea .
A man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies .
A man on a boat and has a beautiful sky above him .
A man piloting behind the wheel of a boat .
A sailor steers a sailboat through a turn .
A crowd of dark skinned people standing outside of white tents .
A group of people stand and sit on the dirt near a line of several white tents .
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents .
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
Some people sit , and some stand in a group of families before a background of white tents with UN markings .
A family at a military camp
A small crowd watches military men in a tent area .
A woman holding a pitcher waits among others outside the opening of a tent .
People under a tent .
Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them .
A black and white dog is running on sand .
A black and white dog runs across the red dirt .
A black dog running across barren terrain .
A black pitbull dog is running through the dirt .
Black dog with white paws runs on barren field
two motorcyclist racing around a track
Two cyclists race along the edge of a roadway
Two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course .
Two motorcycle racers ride along a racetrack .
Two motorcyclists on a track .
A group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
Girls sit on benches .
The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket .
The girls take a break in the afternoon .
Two teenage girls are texting in the park .
A man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard .
A man in black surfs on a wave .
A surfer is on a wave .
A surfer catches a good sized wave .
Man catching a large wave on a surfboard .
A group of tourists stand around as a lady puts her hand near the mouth of a statue .
A woman is making a statue pretend to kiss her hand beside four boys at a bench .
A woman posing with a statue alongside a group of boys
A woman with a backpack leans again a statue while a group of boys sit on a bench talking .
Woman gets her hand kissed by living statue street artist .
A boy is riding a scooter down the concrete path .
A child on a scooter moving down the sidewalk .
A youth rides a scooter on a sidewalk near a building .
The boy is riding his scooter on the sidewalk .
Young boy rides his scooter on drive .
A bull is charging a man in an arena .
A guy is running away from a black bull .
A man in a bull ring is being charged down by the bull .
A man running away from a charging bull .
Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him .
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion .
A girl blows on a dandelion .
A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff .
A young girl is blowing on a dandelion .
A young girl is preparing to blow on a dandelion in her hand .
A family stands for a picture , holding frames to their faces .
a group of children sticking their own faces threw picture frames .
People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces .
Several children are holding up picture frames to their faces .
The people are showing their faces through frames .
A group of young women doing in matching teal outfits doing a dance .
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
four women dance for a crowd .
Girls in light blue outfits perform a choreographed dance .
Some girls dressed in blue perform a dance .
A group of girls wearing costumes stand in a park .
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together
A group of people in anime cosplay costumes .
A group of three females and one male dressed in costume
Three women are dressed in costumes while one holds an umbrella .
A crowd watches a biker on a wire .
A group of children watch a man who is riding his bicycle on suspended wires .
A group of children watching a man do a bicycle stunt .
Children watch a bicyclist perform on a tightrope .
The boys are watching a bicycle stunt .
A black dog with his pink tongue sticking out running on the beach with a white dog wearing a red collar .
A white dog is following a black dog along the beach .
Two dogs run across the barren ground .
Two dogs running on the beach .
Two terrier dogs frolic on the beach .
A man in a hardhat stands beside a ladder .
A man in an orange jacket and white hat looks off camera .
A man is wearing a hardhat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder .
A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder .
A smiling construction worker with a white helmet .
A brown dog is laying on its back on the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass , holding a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog with a tennis ball its mouth rolling on its back on a grassy surface .
A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass .
A hockey team in red and white on the side of the ice rink .
A hockey team takes a break off the ice .
A hockey team waits at the hockey rink .
Ice hockey players are sitting on the sidelines .
Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game .
A man doing a jump on a snowboard
A man wearing a bright orange jacket makes a jump on his snowboard .
A man wearing an orange coat is snowboarding in the air after going over a hill .
A snowboarder in orange is leaping over a snow heap .
Man on a snowboard jumping off a slope into the air .
A girl in a blue and white uniform is jumping over a hurdle .
A tall girl hurdles .
A woman in a track uniform jumping over a hurdle .
A woman jumping over a hurdle during a race .
A young blonde woman in a blue and white tracksuit jumps a hurdle .
A dog is running through an obstacle course
A dog jumps over a jump .
A small dog jumps over a bar with its toy , awards are on the bar .
A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole .
Dog with toy in mouth jumps over bar decorated with prize ribbons .
A football player in possession of the ball gets tackled by a football player on the opposing team .
A football player leaps in the air while another tries to hold onto his foot .
Male football player in orange and white uniform dodges tackle of another player .
Two guys playing football .
Two men during a football game
A girl with a black swimsuit plays in the sprinkler .
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water .
A young girl plays in fountain water .
Little girl crouches to splash fountain water .
There is a young girl in a bathing suit playing with water shooting out of the ground .
A boy is on a bicycle , and there is a girl on the back of it with an umbrella .
A couple stands outside with an umbrella and a bicycle .
A girl with an umbrella is riding on the back of a bicycle peddled by a smiling boy .
A man rides a bike with a woman holding an umbrella .
There is a boy on a bicycle ; and a girl , holding an umbrella , climbing on the back .
A child wearing black and purple playing baseball .
A girl closes her eyes as she swings the bat and misses the softball .
A girl playing softball takes a strike .
A girl playing softball , taking a swing .
A softball player swinging at a softball and missing it .
A catcher in a black uniform on the ground with his glove upraised during a baseball game , while a man UN a white uniform keeps a foot on the base .
Catcher on the ground , runner making base .
The first baseman diving to catch a throw , while the runner touches first base in a softball game
Two teams playing a softball game
Women are playing softball and the catcher slides onto base .
A baseball player is trying to run to a base while the baseman catches the ball .
A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out .
The first baseman makes hte catch just in time to get the runner out in this softball game .
Three people play baseball on a field at a park .
Three young women are playing softball .
A black woman and two black men outside
A woman and two men looking in different directions .
A woman and two young men , standing close to one another .
A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right .
A woman wearing sunglasses standing next to two men .
A male and female on a one seat bike ride along a tree lined road
A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .
A young girl is standing on the back of a man 's bicycle while the man peddles forward .
Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck .
One kid is towing another on his bike
A man in the back of a van takes a picture of a yellow truck .
a man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind
A person riding in the back of one vehicle is looking down the road towards a yellow truck .
Photographer shooting picture of yellow bus .
Two people sit in shadow in the open back of a vehicle followed by another vehicle .
A brown and white dog plays in the yard by a house .
A brown and white dog standing in a yard .
A dog chained in fronr of a house .
A dog stands on the grass while tied up .
A leashed dog is in the backyard of someone 's home .
Two black dogs are jumping towards each other .
Two black dogs collide .
Two black dogs fight in a field .
Two black dogs playing in the grass .
Two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
A man in white and red tries to stop a man with a ball .
A rugby player attempts to break free of an opposing player with both teams closing in .
A rugby player defends the ball against a member of the other team attempting to tackle him .
A rugby player in a black and yellow uniform runs down the field while number six on the other team tries to tackle him .
A rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball .
a snowboarder balancing on his hand with the snowboard in the air
A snowboarder doing a handstand .
A snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand .
A snowboarder in a blue and white jacket does a hand plant with their snowboard in the air .
A snowboarder is doing a handstand with his board in the air on a slope .
Three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps .
Three children are sitting on the top of a staircase .
Three children are sitting on top of a marble stair case .
Three kids sit atop the stairs .
Three small boys sit at the top of granite stairs surrounded by brick walls .
A boy with a Mohawk chasing geese in a park .
A child is playing with two white and black geese .
A child laughs as he plays with a large bird .
A young boy chases away two Canadian geese .
A young boy runs along the grass as two geese begin to fly away .
A blue race car is coming around a corner .
A blue Subaru rally car turning a corner with spectators .
A group of fans cheer the blue mountain racing car as it rounds the corner .
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .
Spectators are taking pictures of a blue rally car that is driving around a bend in the track .
A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass .
A brown dog is biting a black dog .
A German shepherd and a tan dog are fighting .
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
A brown dog on the grass next to a pond .
A brown dog runs through a grassy field
a brown dog wearing a blue collar is running on the grass .
A dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him .
The brown dog with a blue bandanna tied around its neck is laying in the grass by the water .
A girl dressed in green rollerskates past a festival crowd .
A woman dressed in green is rollerskating outside at an event .
A woman in green skates through a street fair .
A woman in green uniform skates down the road at the fair .
Girl wearing green rollerskates on cement .
A group of men stands near a tree as a racing car stirs up a cloud of dust on the gravel road beside them .
A race car kicks up dirt and dust on a gravel track .
Many people stand by watching a car smoke heavily .
People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt .
Six spectators watching a dirt racing car pass by in a cloud of dust .
A dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts .
A dog is jumping against a young girl .
A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors .
A dog with white paws jumping up onto a girl wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts .
There is a dog humping a young girl .
a lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall .
A man doing tricks on a bike
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .
A man on a bicycle in jeans is doing an air track along a dirt track with graffiti nearby .
A man performs bike tricks by a mural .
A dolphin above water
A dolphin is jumping out of the water .
A dolphin leaping out of the blue ocean .
A dolphin pokes above the water .
A dolphin pokes its head out of the water .
A man drinking juice on a sunny day .
A man drinking orange juice while walking .
A man drinking orange juice while walking on a sunny day .
A man drinks orange juice and walks outside .
A man in a suit is taking a sip of something while walking outdoors .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path .
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area .
a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk .
A little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
The dog is running .
A man dressed in gray gear , including helmet , races a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A man in a black uniform and helmet dirtracing with his bike 's front wheel in midair .
A man riding a dirt bike
A motorcycle racer is in action at the track .
Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track
A baby boy picks at his hair , while holding a red and yellow ball .
A blonde haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
A small child holds a stuffed soccer ball .
A young boy looks at a yellow and red stuffed soccer ball .
A child eating food and smiling at the camera .
A little child in a green shirt eats a crust of bread , smiling .
A small child in a green jacket eating something .
A small child looks and smiles as she eats .
A smiling little boy in a green jacket eats a snack .
A woman is wearing a dust mask on her mouth whilst walking in the street .
A woman with her hair pulled up with a surgical mask on .
A young woman wearing a mask .
A young women with a pink mask over her face .
Girl in plaid shirt wears a mask over her face as she walks in public .
A boy dribbles a soccer ball in a grass field next to a parking lot .
A boy plays ball on a grassy field .
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball .
A little boy is about to kick a black soccer ball .
A young boy is playing soccer .
A group of boys in a desert playing with a ball .
A group of young men are about to play soccer on a sandy plain .
Boys play ball in the dirt .
Some african kids playing with a ball .
The small boy looks at the camera while other boys play ball behind him .
Two automobiles race each other and pour smoke from behind .
Two drag racing cars resembling train locomotives are leaving the starting line .
Two dragsters race down the track in front of a crowd of spectators watching the drag race from the stands .
Two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them .
Two rocket dragsters racing at a dragsters .
One dog is standing on the beach as another dog runs into the ocean .
Two dogs on the beach , running into the water
Two dogs play on the shore .
Two dogs run from the beach into the water .
Two wet dogs run into the surf at sunset .
A big dog stands on his hand leg as tennis balls are thrown his direction .
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls .
A brown and white dogs stands in front of a wooden building while tennis balls fly through the air .
A dog jumps for several tennis balls thrown at him .
A dog stands on his hind legs amid a shower of tennis balls .
An Indian boy looks at a black cow whilst a woman in a blue and green sari looks away .
two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
Two people and a leashed cow at a home .
Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow ,
Two women in India , sitting near an ox .
a bmx rider wearing green jumps over a dirt hole .
A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp .
A mountain biker in a green shirt is suspended in the air .
A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump .
The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air .
A girl in a dark shirt has stripes painted under her eyes while another girl stands in the foreground .
A girl standing in a group wears a black shirt and pink beads .
A girl with black and orange patches on her cheeks .
Girl with black paint under her eyes walking , girl in foreground of photo .
The young girl with two red dots on her face is wearing purple beads while another girl is blurred in front of her .
A man holds a trophy on the stage .
A race car driver accepts his trophy .
a racer holds up his trophy .
The racing winner accepts his trophy .
Winning racer displaying his trophy and waving to the crowd .
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field .
A spots team hugs after a play .
A teammate helps another teammate off of the field .
Four atheletes and a man with a crowded stadium in the background .
Men are dressed in soccer uniforms .
The three dogs are running around near the shore .
Three dogs are playing together on the sandy shore of a lake .
Three dogs play by a lake .
Three dogs play near the water .
Two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond .
A boy surrounded by pigeons is interacting with a person who is part of a larger crowd .
A crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza .
A family is talking in a plaza standing in the middle of a bunch of birds .
Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons
Group of people in an open square with a large flock of pigeons .
Five Asian girls playing in a fountain .
five little girls are playing in a water fountain .
Five young girls wading and splashing in a shallow pool .
Little girls splash around in the little bit of water left by the sprinklers .
Time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water .
A dog playing with a toy .
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war .
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy .
a white dog is tugging on a black rope
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy .
A man is riding a red racing motorcycle .
A motorcyclist dressed in red .
A person in a motocross uniform , and wearing a helmet , rides a red motorcycle .
A racer in full gear and helmet with sponsors logos is riding a red sport motorcycle .
A racing motorcycle and motorcyclist in red leaning into a turn .
A guy surfing .
A male surfer in the air , leaving the water .
An airborne man on a surfboard .
A tanned wakeboarder is leaping high in the air .
a young man on a white surfboard jumping over a huge wave
a young man wearing a white shirt and red shorts kicking a ball
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
Man in t-shirt and red shorts kicking soccer ball .
The man in the white shirt kicked the soccer ball on the rocky pavement .
The young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground .
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .
Two dogs and a ball .
Two dogs playing ball together outside .
Two dogs playing with a purple ball .
Two dogs play with purple football .
A closeup of an elderly man .
A man poses outdoors .
A man with a red collar and gray beard looks at the camera .
An older man wearing a black jacket standing outside .
Bearded man in fleece jacket smiles for a picture , the background is blurry
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard .
A man in a wetsuit surfing .
A man on a surfboard rides the waves .
The surfer rides a wave .
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A man poses for a little girl , his arms outstretched , with a large church in the background .
A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral .
A man stands on one leg in a playful pose near a lamppost as a young girl looks on .
The back of a little girl with braids and a man in a ' plane ' pose before her .
The man is posing in front of a small child near a light post .
A man just caught a fish and it is fiesty !
A man making a foul face while handling a fish beside a lake .
A man scowling is sitting in front of a lake trying to catch a flopping fish .
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish .
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .
A brown dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball .
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
The brown dog is swimming .
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A boy reads a book .
A young boy reads a paperback book outside .
a young boy wearing a red shirt and reading a book
A young child wearing an orange shirt reads a book while others walk around .
The boy wearing a red shirt is standing in the marketplace whilst reading a book .
A child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer .
A child plays in a bounce house .
A child wearing a pink coat jumps over a plastic blow-up toy .
A girl bounces .
A girl bounces in a bounce house .
A man rides a surfboard as a wave comes up behind him .
A man surfing with a mountain in the background .
A surfer is riding a wave in the ocean on a clear day
The surfer in the black body suit rides a wave off the coast
The surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background .
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet .
A woman wearing a white shirt and red pants is writing something down at a museum .
A woman writing while standing by men .
The lady is taking notes .
The lady is wearing a white shirt with red pants and writing on a note pad .
A group of basketball players stand on the basketball court .
A group of men play basketball .
Boys play basketball on a wood floor near clear glass doors .
Several men around an indoor basketball hoop .
Young boys playing indoor basketball , one team has black and white uniforms , the other has orange and white .
A man in a black jersey is standing in gym .
A man is standing in the middle of a gym wearing a jersey .
A man wearing black is standing on an indoor sports court .
A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .
Man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor .
A basketball player attempts a layup in a gymnasium .
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court .
A man jumps inside a darkened gymnasium .
Five people in a gym .
The person is in the air and trying to get a ball into the hoop .
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball .
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .
A line of basketball players doing a drill .
Asian boys on basketball court .
some young men playing basketball
A girl in pink and purple is climbing a ladder .
A girl poses on a rusty fire escape ladder in hot pink gloves , skirt and heels .
A model on a ladder in front of a rustic building .
Girl in colorful clothes and makeup poses on a building 's rusty ladder .
The woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder .
A pair of young women with an easel give a lecture to a young audience .
Two girls are using a flip chart whilst talking to some younger children .
Two girls doing a presentation
Two young woman perform near handwritten notice as little girls watch .
Two young women with a large piece of paper .
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform .
A man standing on a platform high up in a tree .
A person standing on a platform attached to a tree .
A woman on a tree canopy walk
A woman stands on a circular ledge surrounding a tall tree .
Two children are putting their faces into a knight and royal woman 's picture .
Two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts .
Two children putting heads through novelty photo board .
Two children stick their head in holes of cardboard scenery .
Two young kids putting their heads in the bodies of a king and queen
A dog is fetching a stick from a lake .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
Dog carries stick in mouth while in water .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard .
a lone skateboarder skating down a rail near some stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail .
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail .
A young person doing a skateboard trick on a cement raling over cement stairs .
A group of men are playing ball together .
A group of men play rugby .
A rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching .
Seven men are in action playing rugby .
While the green team gets ready to tackle , the red team has the ball .
A boy begins to ride a bike as a man holds the back of it .
A boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike .
A boy teaches a smaller boy wearing a helmet how to ride a bike .
A young man running alongside a young boy on a red bicycle .
Boy riding bike while older boy runs alongside .
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .
Two bulls pulling a muddy man behind them while mud droplets spray .
Two oxen are pulling a person through splashing dirt and mud .
Two oxen pulling a man through the muddy water .
Two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud .
A person on what appears to be a surfboard , rides the waves onto shore .
A surfer in the distance is at the base of the wave close to the shore .
A surfer is caught in an incoming wave along a dirty beach nearby mountains .
A surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach .
A surfer takes on a high wave beyond a rocky beach .
A football player in blue grabs a football player in white for a tackle .
A football player is being tackled by the rival team .
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches .
Football players on a feild the one on the left in a blue uniform the one on the right in a white one with the fans in the back .
Two football player from the opposite team are holding back the one with the ball .
A dark skinned man plays a blue guitar on the street .
A man playing his guitar on the street , surrounded by buildings and street lights .
A man plays a blue guitar on the an empty urban street .
a man walking the streets while playing the guitar .
The man plays his guitar on the local streets .
A black dog is playing with a blue doll on a white carpet .
A black dog playing with a purple toy .
A cat watching a dog with a toy .
A dog plays with a stuffed animal .
The dog plays with a purple toy near a cat .
A group of rollerbladers is lined up on the street .
A group of rollerblading on a sloping road .
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically
Many people are rollerblading down the street .
Rollerbladers roll in formation down a hill .
Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track .
Two motorcycles race on a track .
Two motorcyclists are making a turn in a race , one with a red themed outfit and bike , the other in black .
Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track .
Two motorcyclists lay over to the side as they make a sharp curve .
A black dog is playing inside the fence .
A black dog looks through the fence at another dog .
A black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field .
A black poodle and another dog with something in its mouth are playing on some dry grass .
Two dogs play in the yellow grass with a ball .
Seven people are posing over a structure that extends over a watery area and ocean .
Seven people jumping into the clear blue water .
Seven people jumping into water .
seven people jump into the water .
Seven people leaping into the air over a walk over blue water .
A person is rollerblading on a railing by a sidewalk with people .
A person with glasses is performing an aerial trick on a post in the city .
A skateboarder on a city street .
Rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail .
The skateboarder does a trick on the railing while other people passing by watch .
a loan motorcyclist riding a red motorcycle on a racetrack
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle .
An overhead view of a racing motorcycle .
A person in protective gear riding a matching motorbike .
Number 75 motorcycle racer rides his red and black bike .
A black mother and five children in a rural area
A family in the desert .
An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses .
Family standing in a small village .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
A child in a brown coat is kicking a soccer ball across an open field .
A child in a grey coat kicking a soccer ball .
A child kicks a soccer ball .
Child playing with soccer ball in a field .
The young boy wearing a brown coat is playing soccer .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
A dog jumps over a wire fence in a dry grassland .
a dog jumps over the fence .
A small tan dog jumps over the barbed wire fence .
The brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence .
A forest guide points something up to a group of visitors .
A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
A group of people are being lead on an outdoor tour with an older tour guide .
A group of people pointing and looking at something off-camera .
A group of people with cameras and binoculars point and look at something .
A dog is jumping down the stairs .
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs .
A German Shepherd jumps off of a set of stairs .
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .
The German shepherd leaps off the stairs .
A man on a bicycle jumping over a horizontal pole with a crowd in the background .
A man on a bike in the air .
A man on bike is jumping an obstacle with a crowd in the background .
A man wearing a helmet is on a bicycle in the air while people in the background watch him .
Boy jumping over rail on bicycle while crowd watches
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain .
A skier is going down a huge snow covered slope .
A skier skiing down a large mountain
The man is skiing down the steep , snowy white mountain with clouds in the background .
The skier is going down a large mountain .
a woman wearing a white helmeted looking up as she is calming a huge rock wall
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
People mountain climbing .
People rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
These helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors .
A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range .
a man wearing ear defenders is shooting a pistol at a white target .
A man with yellow ear protectors is firing a gun in a shooting range .
A person wearing yellow headphones shoots a gun at a target .
Someone fires a gun at a indoor shooting range .
A white dog is leaning against a golden colored dog .
The brown dog is on a leash and appears to be playing with the white and brown colored dog .
The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other .
Two dogs groom each other .
Two dogs on leashes get close together .
A boy in blue jumps his skateboard off some steps while his friends watch .
A boy in blue jumps on a skateboard while two others watch him
A group of skaters are at a skate park .
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .
Three skateboarders are in a park .
A bike rider in green jersey races along a road .
A biker looks back at the camera for a photo .
A cyclist in a helmet and yellow jersey .
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway .
A man in a yellow shirt riding a blue bicycle moving very fast .
A man in a long sleeved white shirt is walking past something called the lounge bar .
A man in a white longsleeve shirt and black pants is walking on the sidewalk .
A man is walking down a sidewalk under a " lounge bar " sign .
A man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar .
The man wearing a white jacket and black pants is walking in front of a white building .
A boy is doing a jumping stunt on a bicycle in a run down street .
A boy is in the air on his bike .
A boy performs a one-handed trick on his bicycle by a rundown building .
A young man is pulling tricks on his bike in front of a warehouse .
The boy does a jumps his bike into the air .
A group of men play hockey in a stadium .
A player sits on the bench while watching his teammates play ice hockey .
A referee breaking up a fight during a hockey game .
A referee is intervening in a hockey game .
Four hockey players and a referee on the ice .
A man in a crowd wears a red hat and a red bandanna over his face .
A person with dreadlocks and a red hat with their face covered by a red bandanna
A woman wearing a hat and red scarf stands among others wearing similar clothes .
A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna .
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
a girl with a star painted on her face smiles .
A lady in a sequined hat with red face paint .
A woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman .
A woman with a painted face smiling .
The woman has her face painted with a red star and is drinking a beer .
An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles .
A young black man in sunglasses is smiling broadly .
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling
Smiling bald , black man in sunglasses and a t-shirt .
The smiling black man is wearing a white t-shirt and dark sunglasses .
Some young boys hang out around their car .
Three men standing in front of a parked white care
Three teenage boys standing in front of a white car
Three young black men lean againest a white jeep .
Three young men lean on the front of a Toyota truck .
A Jack Russell Terrier jumps into a stream .
A white dog is running into a river .
A white dog runs into a lake .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
A white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water .
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone .
A little girl is climbing a ladder .
A person on a ladder with a baby underneath .
A person stands at the top of a ladder as a young girl begins to climb .
A person stands on a ladder and a small child climbs at the bottom of the ladder .
British police standing at a parade .
Police gather .
Police in yellow jackets at a protest
The police in the neon jackets stood guard against the large crowd .
The police officers in bright yellow jackets watch the crowd .
A group of men are changing the shells on a cannon .
Group of men loading a cannon .
several men loading a metal cannon
Several people work on a machine .
Some men try to load what looks like a cannon .
A woman and child fly soar through the air , seated on an amusement park ride .
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
Smiling little girl on a carnival ride .
There is a little girl riding a carnival ride .
The young girl enjoys the swing at the carnival .
Dog chases ball in water .
Two black dogs playing in surf , one grabbing a red ball off the sand .
two black dogs race for a ball on the shore .
Two dogs playing on a beach with a red ball while waves roll in .
Two dogs play in the surf and one has a red ball .
Two girls in colourful clothes inside a shower enclosure .
Two girls in shorts are standing inside a shower stall .
Two girls play in the shower with their clothes on .
Two girls stand in a shower stall .
Two girls wearing colorful shirts and shorts standing in a lighted shower stall .
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
A black dog jumps into a swimming pool .
A dog jumps into a pool while someone watches from the side .
Black dog jumps in pool .
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A dirt bike racer jumps over a slope .
A man in a grey suit and helmet is jumping a yellow dirt bike .
A man on a dirt bike jumps slightly as he crests a rise .
A man rides a dirt bike over a hill .
a motorcycle rider is slightly airborne on a motocross circuit
A guy wearing sunglasses is smoking .
A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette .
A young man is standing wearing a black jacket and pink shirt with a cigarette in his mouth .
A young , stubbled man in sunglasses lights a cigarette on a city street .
The scruffy young man smokes a cigarette on a busy street .
A girl swings on a vine over water .
A girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water .
a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek .
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .
Woman swinging above water while holding a vine .
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera .
A woman holding a camera .
A woman stands in a crowd holding a camera .
The woman with a camera is looking to the side in a crowded area
Two boys go after a soccer ball during a game while a goalie waits .
Two boys run after a soccer ball during a game .
Two opposing soccer players run toward the ball while a goalies prepares a block .
two players run for the soccer ball .
Two young soccer players race to the goal .
A man dressed in heavy winter clothing becomes airborne over a tire buried deep in the snow .
A man is snowboarding over a large tire buried in the deep snow .
A person in the snow jumping over a tire .
a young man in a beige jumpsuit boarding over a large tire
This person is bundled up in warm clothing and jumping over a tire half-buried in snow .
A man in a brown jacket is leading a black shire horse .
A man walking a large black horse .
Man in brown jacket leading black horse
Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes .
The man is walking with a draft horse
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit .
A man in yellow performs a bike trick .
A motocross bike is jumping through the air over a dirt track .
A person wearing yellow is taking a jump on a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer in a yellow uniform is in midair .
A homeless man is walking down the sidewalk alone .
A man in worn and ragged clothes carries a satchel while passin a tree and trashcan .
One old homeless guy walks by the park .
The old man has a long white beard and a yellow and black hat .
The old man with the white beard is walking down the street .
A boy belly-surfing a skateboard into a pile of autumn leaves .
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road .
A young skateboarder in a pile of leaves with a smile on his face .
Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard .
Young boy in green shirt rolling on a cart into a pile of leaves .
A softball player in sunglasses tries to avoid a mishap with another player .
Two female baseball players reach for the ball .
Two softball players trying to catch a ball
Two women playing softball , one with sunglasses on .
women playing softball in uniforms .
A lady is running her dog through an agility course .
A large grey dog is jumping over a white hurdle .
A woman and a dog work through an agility course .
a woman running around a course with a grey dog jumping a railing
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
A crowd is standing in front of a building while holding newspapers and holding flags .
Adults and children demonstrating in a town .
A group of people holding red flags and pamphlets in front of a large building .
A group of people stand together holding papers and flags .
People supporting a cause .
a young group of girls covering her hair posing together outside of a building .
There are three girls with head scarves in front of a worn down building and a family walking in the background .
Three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface .
Three women are walking through the street in a rural Middle-Eastern town .
Three women with headscarfs holding packages , two smiling , one not .
A boxer is practicing making hits by targeting the gloves of his partner .
A man practices boxing
A man practicing boxing
A man with blue boxing gloves is throwing punches .
An older man in boxing gloves trains .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing .
A black dog chasing a brown and white dog very quickly over a lawn .
A black dog is chasing a brown and white dog across the grass .
Two dogs play in the park .
Two dogs run in a field .
A group of men in white hard hats inside an industrial building with one shooting a picture .
A group of people in hard hats stand and look at something while one takes a picture .
Men and women in hard-hats ; one takes a picture
People in hard hats are standing around , while some are taking pictures .
People in hard hats take pictures of something .
A black dog pulling on a purple object with its mouth .
A black dog pulls on something .
A dog bites purple fabric .
A dog playing with a purple toy .
The black dog is pulling on something purple with its mouth .
A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence .
A jockey in blue rides a horse at a galloping pace .
A jockey racing a horse down a dirt track .
A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop .
A man wearing blue rides a brown horse along a gravel path .
A crowd of Hindu women in headwraps .
A group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building .
A street is filled with Indian people in a market .
Many individuals with coverings on their heads crowded together .
The crowds are huge as the citizens await the opening .
A crowd of foreigners stand .
A crowd of people surrounding a woman in white wearing sunglasses .
A group of men surround a woman in a headscarf .
a very large group of people standing crowded together outside .
Many people have gathered in the street .
A little girl in pink stands in a yellow hallway .
a young girl standing alone in a hallway .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt walks through an open door .
The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls .
The young girl enters the room in amazement .
A girl and woman are posing while sitting on a carpeted staircase .
A smiling woman holds a smiling toddler in a yellow dress .
A woman and a young girl are happily sitting together .
A woman has her arm around a small girl and they are smiling .
a young girl and a woman smile for the camera .
A baseball player slides home in a non professional baseball game in an HDR photograph .
A child is sliding into home plate and the catcher is waiting .
A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it .
A runner is sliding into home while the cathcer covers the plate in a softball game .
A woman slides into home while the catcher tries to block .
A baseball player in white swings for the ball as the player in brown is waiting to intercept .
A baseball player punting .
A baseball player swings at the ball as onlookers watch .
A batter swings at a ball .
A girl at bat in a softball game
a black and brown dog jumping over two white and purple stiped poles
A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass .
A dog jumps over an obstacle .
Black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports .
Dog performing during an outdoor dog show .
A baseball player attempts to catch a ball while another runs towards the base .
A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base .
A baseman tries to catch a ball while a runner tries to make the base in a community game .
An umpire in a baseball game crouches to catch a ball while an opposing team member runs to homebase .
Two children are playing baseball
A baseball player is making a play nearby a large sign and boundary of the field .
a girl catches a baseball .
A ponytailed girl in a softball uniform raises her mitt in the air .
A woman playing softball , running to catch the ball .
A woman with long hair is catching a softball in a softball field .
a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track
A boy and girl hold hands as they walk on railroad tracks .
A boy in a striped shirt and a little girl in a blue dress walk hand in hand down the train track .
Little girl and older male , holding hands and walking on train tracks .
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track .
A brown dog in running on grass .
A brown dog is running through the grass panting .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
Two girls participate in a softball game .
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
a black and grey dog catches a tennis ball at the beach
A dog is catching a yellow tennis ball on the beach .
A dog jumping for a tennis ball near an ocean
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf .
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
A brown dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A dog , trailing a leash , chases a tennis ball across a grassy area .
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball .
A German shepherd dog is running toward a tennis ball .
A large brown dog runs after a tennis ball in a field .
A mom is pushing her two kids on the swing .
A mother pushes two children on swings at a park .
A woman pushes a child on a swing while another swinging child looks on .
A woman pushing two children on swings .
Two children on swings with a woman pushing them
A dirt bike rider jumps in the air .
A man performs a dirt bike stunt over the sand .
a motocross bike is jumping through the air between two lines of red tape .
A person on a dirt bike is in midair making a jump on a dirt track .
The motocross rider jumps high in the air on his bike .
A black and white dog carrying an orange ball coming out of the water .
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth .
A dog fetching an orange ball in the water .
A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming .
the black dog is running through the water with a red ball in its mouth .
A dog in a lake .
A dog running into the water .
A dog runs through the water .
A dog swims in the lake .
A white dog jumps into natural water .
A person surfs in the curl of a wave , obsured by the falling water .
A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down .
A surfer is riding in the barrel of a wave .
Someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard .
The large wave is crashing down over a surfer .
A baseball player hitting the ball
A girl in a uniform hitting a ball with a bat
A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball .
A softball player swinging at a pitch .
A teenager dressed in a baseball uniform attempting to hit a baseball during a game .
a baseball player in a red shirt and white pants is swinging the bat towards a yellow ball whilst three people look on .
A baseball player recoils from an action involving a bat while opposing team members look on .
A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat .
A girl swings a bat during a softball game .
A woman swings at a softball on a playing field while other players look on .
A soccer player kicking toward the ball with another player on the soaked ground .
Two men playing rugby collide .
two men playing soccer on a wet field
Two men playing soccer , one on the ground holding the ball .
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
A group of teens in gather in prom attire .
A man in a suit looks at a woman in a dress .
Man in a black suit looking at a woman in a black dress .
The fellow in the black suit at a formal occasion has a salmon rose in his lapel .
Well dressed man surrounded by women in dresses .
A laughing woman leans on the legs of a sitting man while lying on a bed of pebbles .
A woman and a barefoot man lay down on rocky terrain .
Laying on stones , a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her .
The two people are lying in gray rocks .
Young man and woman stretch out on stones , packages in foreground .
A black horse and its rider are clearing a 3 rung high jump in a competition .
A horse and rider leap over a striped hurdle .
A person is riding a horse as it jumps over an obstacle .
A person jumping a horse over a fence .
A rider and horse jumping a fence outdoors .
a female athlete is jumping into the sand .
A girl is performing the long jump with arms in the air .
A woman competing in a long jump competition .
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch .
Woman competing in the long jump , photographed in midair .
A biker is racing to keep up with the runners
a biker rides down the street .
A man on a red bicycle rides past several pedestrians .
A man with something orange on his helmet riding a bike in a busy setting .
Man rides on bicycle as other people walk .
A first baseman makes a catch as a runner comes up .
A person leans forward to catch a baseball while a runner comes close to the base .
Girls playing softball as one girl runs to a base and second girl reaches out her glove .
Parents watch as girls play softball in a game .
Two girls are playing softball .
A female softball player pitches the ball .
A girl in a baseball uniform getting ready to throw the ball at a game .
A girl wearing the number one LaFayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball .
Softball pitcher pitching
The girl is in a red jersey and pitching a softball at a game .
A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her .
A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base .
A female wearing a baseball uniform swinging a bat .
A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball .
A woman in a brown strip is taking a swing with a baseball bat at a yellow ball , whilst another woman is waiting on the sideline .
A boy hits the ball at a baseball game .
A softball player 's team watches as she swings at a pitch .
batter hits a baseball
One of the members of a baseball team in brown and white is at bat .
softball player swinging at a pitch
A girl is blowing bubbles heavily .
A little girl closes her eyes and blows through a bubble wand .
A little girl with dark hair blowing bubbles .
A small girl blows on an orange bubble stick .
A young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand .
A bunchh of people dressed up stand around talking .
A girl in a white dress looks on as other youngsters in formal attire mingle .
A group of teenagers in formal wear mingle and look at each other .
Crowd of people at a formal event .
Teenagers wearing formal clothes stand in a group outside .
A man is doing a trick on public steps .
A man riding a unicycle down a set of stairs .
A man walking down stairs .
A skateboarder goes down some stairs .
The man is going down stairs on a unicycle .
A guy riding something down steps .
A man skates down a long outdoor stairway .
A young man attempts to ride a unicycle down an outdoor stairway stained with moss .
the man is pedaling the tiny bike down the steps .
Two men walk down a stone stairway , one is riding a unicycle .
A man and a woman walking away from an outdoor market .
Many people are walking through a rural shopping area .
Men walking in a middle eastern market .
Several people move through a long alleyway near a parked motorized scooter .
Two people walk under an arch on a city street .
a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares
Two people cower in a doorway and they are both wearing jeans .
Two people hiding their faces in a doorway .
Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop .
Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door , sheilding their faces from the camera .
A woman is petting a dog outside .
A woman is petting her dog near a stone path .
A woman playing with a brown dog on a garden path .
A woman plays with a brown dog .
A woman plays with her dog outside .
A brown dog is running in a field .
A light brown dog is running through tall grass .
Orange dog runs across grass .
The brown dog is running on the grass .
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass .
A cricket bowler winds up .
A man getting reading to throw a ball .
A man in a white athletic suit is throwing a ball in a cricket game .
A man standing in front of two ads prepares to throw something across a field .
A man wearing white winds up to throw .
Three girls are sitting our on the sand at the beach posing for the camera .
Three ladies play in the sand .
Three people sitting in the sand on a beach .
three young woman smiling on the beach
Three young women wearing wetsuits on beach , two gesturing at camera .
A big , brown dog is sleeping next to a small black and white cat .
A cat sleeps nestled up to a dog .
A dog and cat are snuggling up during a nap .
A dog and cat laying down together .
A small cat laying with a large dog
A brown dog has its mouth open waiting to catch a blue and yellow toy .
A dog has his mouth wide open , ready to catch a toy in the air .
A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .
A yellow dog with a brown collar is in a field , and trying to catch a yellow and blue toy in its mouth .
dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
A boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
A boy jumps off of a structure into a pool .
A child jumps off a slide .
A child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
A youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board .
A dog chases a dog toy on the grass .
A golden dog is looking at a blue and yellow toy on the grass .
A rather large blonde dog with a black collar chases a blue and yellow toy .
Large brown dog playing with a chew toy on the grass .
The tan dog runs toward the small toy that is laying in the grass .
A group of people jump in the sand at the beach .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
A group of young people posing in the air on a sandy beach .
Seven people are jumping in the air , along the shore .
A curly haired woman plays the violin .
A red haired woman is holding a violin and boe .
A woman is playing a violin while surrounded by transparent walls and pictures .
A woman playing the violin with posters in the background .
The woman is holding a violin .
A lady is smiling with her blonde haired son .
A woman and a young boy .
A woman and child laugh .
A woman and child smile for a picture .
Mother and son grin for the camera
A military uniformed man performing a takedown maneuver on a similarly dressed man .
One Marine flips another one down .
One military man executes a combat move on another outside a gated facility .
One soldier throws another soldier with a shaved head onto the ground .
Two military men practicing a " take-down " maneuver .
A girl in a red and black dress is posing in front of a mural .
A girl jumping in front of a jukebox mural .
A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural .
A young girl in a red dress in midair
Girl in red skirt jumps on sidewalk in front of jukebox painting
A couple walking down the street .
A man and a woman walk in across a courtyard with black messenger bags on their shoulders .
A man and woman walk hand-in-hand surrounded by large trees .
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans walking down a wooden pier .
Two people carrying bags walk together .
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building .
Two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing .
Two people sit on a brick wall and talk .
two people sit on a park bench .
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk .
A 5 dog race where all the dogs have mussels .
Five large dogs run through a fenced grass area while wearing muzzles .
Five large dogs with long tails play together on a grassy field with blue and red balls .
Five muzzled greyhounds are running in a grassy field .
Muzzled greyhound dogs running in a pack .
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum .
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum .
Two small children with blonde hair are playing a drum , one is smiling .
Two young children are playing with a drum .
A guy catches a wave on his surfboard
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean .
A surfer catches a gnarly wave .
A surfer rides in a wave tunnel .
Surfer partially visible through crashing wave , shore in background .
A helicopter and a small plane are in the air .
A helicopter is flying behind a plane that is performing aerobatics .
A plane and a helicopter in the sky . houses seen underneat and people sitting .
A plane flying sideways .
Crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky .
a biker performs a trick in the air .
A child rides a bike high in the air .
A person flying through the air on a bicycle .
A person is jumping while riding a bike .
A person on a bike flies through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame .
A child petting a dog .
A little girl is petting her white , fluffy cat .
A smiling girl in orange hold a furry animal .
small girl petting an animal .
Young girl in ponytail pets furry cat
A man in a black and red jersey is approaching a soccer ball on a field
A man on a soccer field , in a uniform , about to kick a soccer ball .
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball
David Beckham player playing soccer on a field
The player is kicking a soccer ball on the grass field .
A brown dog and a grey dog play in the grass .
A brown dog barks at a grey dog in the grass .
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field .
Two dogs , one light brown and one grey , play outdoors on the grass .
Two dogs playing on grass .
A couple are looking at an area map .
A man and woman are standing in front of an art gallery , looking at a map .
Tourists examine a sign .
Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum .
Two people read a sign in front of a museum .
a man holding a digital camera standing outside of a huge building .
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera ,
a man wearing blue holds a camera .
The man in a blue shirt is holding a camera near to a boy wearing a backpack .
A formation on a big field with people wearing red , white and blue
Many people in formation on a field .
Marching bands in formation on a field .
The crowd stood in many different lines in the open field .
The group of people make single file lines on the field .
A man sits behind two cardboard canvasses .
A man sitting in a blue metal chair .
A man sitting on a chair on the street , next to a board .
Man is sitting in a blue chair outside near large paintings .
man is sitting in blue chair next two pieces of wood
A dog carrying a stick while walking in water
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
A large brown dog with a stick in his mouth coming out of water .
A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
Dog retrieving stick in water
a boy in a white shirt and green helmet is riding a skateboard down some steps .
a child in a helmet and gloves on a skateboard is airborne
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard .
The boy does a skateboard trick .
A black dog running on a path , in the midst of a field
a black dog runs across the dirt road .
A brown dog running along a dirt road .
A dog runs down a dirt road .
Black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road .
A goalie is covering his net while two other hockey players chase after the hockey puck .
A group of hockey players around a goal .
Men play hockey .
The hockey players move quickly towards the puck .
Three hockey players are engaged in a game .
A person jumping high above their skateboard on the street .
A skateboarder flies through the air .
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment .
Skateboarder jumping in air and his skateboard is between his legs .
The skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump .
A brown dog playing with bubbles .
A brown dog walking across a lawn as bubbles float by .
A dark brown dog is looking at bubbles while walking on green grass .
Dog catching bubbles on the grass .
The brown dog is chasing and popping bubbles .
A man holding a bottle wearing tan pants talking to security officers in front of a large poster .
A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink .
Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda .
Two policemen are talking to a man who is holding a bottle .
Two uniformed law enforcment officers speaking to another male .
A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch tv .
A group of friends sit around a table in front of a flat screen tv .
a woman pours wine and watches tv .
Several people are sitting at a table drinking wine .
Some men and women drink wine while watching television .
A baseball player holds his bat and gets ready for the game .
A boy is getting ready to play baseball .
A boy plays baseball .
A person in a blue and white baseball uniform is standing on one foot while holding a bat .
Baseball player holding a bat .
A woman in a yellow coat is standing on a sidewalk .
A woman in a yellow jacket and brown hat stands on a path by a lake .
A woman wearing a brown hat , sunglasses , jeans , white shoes and a yellow trench coat stand on the sidewalk .
A young woman waits under a sculpture in a park .
Woman with hat staring in the distance at park with sculpture .
one white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth while another dog jogs along
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
Two dogs , one holding a ball .
two dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
A daschund leaps through short grass .
A small brown dog runs through the grass in front of another dog and their owners .
A small dog leaping , but not very high .
A small dog running in grass .
the little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass .
A bird flies low with its wings spread .
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day .
An owl is in flight .
A pale owl is flying outside in the daytime .
The bird has its wings spread as it flies .
two young children standing outside on a dirt road .
Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India .
Two young , dark skinned girls are smiling and laughing .
Two young girls are smiling at the camera .
Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera .
a group of dogs playing
Four dogs run in a field .
Four dogs two brown and two white playing in the grass .
four small dogs running through a green field with yellow flowers in the background
Two white dogs and two brown dogs running through the grass .
A woman and a young girl pose and smile for a photo .
A woman and a young girl smiling for the camera , in front of some flowers .
A woman and girl pose together in a garden .
A woman poses with a small girl on her lap in front of a flower bush .
A woman with brown hair is sitting with a little girl with short brown hair outside next to some red flowers .
A woman taking a photo standing next to a tall man and in front of another man who is also taking a photo .
Three people are outdoors taking pictures .
Three people holding cameras are standing on a dirt trail with grass on the side of it .
Three people taking pictures with their cameras
Two people are taking pictures while a third is holding a camera .
A man holding a sign with a dog on a leash .
A man in a white quilted jacket holds a sign in a brick plaza , accompanied by a dog on a leash .
a man on the street holding a sign while holding a small tan dog on a lease .
A man with a dog stands , outside on bricks , holding a sign .
A man with a sign about god stands holding the leash of a dog in a red brick square .
A black dog is carrying a red bucket in its mouth .
A black dog runs with a red bucket .
a small black and white dog carrying a red bucket in his mouth
Black and white dog running carrying red bucket in mouth .
The black and white dog is running with a red pail in its mouth .
A man and a woman holding two young boys are sitting on a park bench , posing for a photograph .
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background .
There is a man , woman and two boys sitting on a bench .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
Two adults and two children sit on a park bench .
A male does an open leg trick while doing a wheelie on his bike .
A man is doing a wheelie on a motorcycle while stretching his legs outwards .
A man with a red , black , and white jacked on is riding on a motorcycle .
Man puts legs up in air while riding bike .
person riding a bike doing a while
A man in a tutu waterskies in a lake surrounded by snow .
A man waterskiing during the winter time as people watch
A waterskier moves through the water .
Figure dressed in a black tutu is on jet-skis .
Person in black shirt and black tutu waterskiing with hands over head and people in the background .
A BMX biker performing a trick in midair over a dirt course .
A boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds .
A boy shows of his skills in bike racing on a bumpy course near a river .
A person is in the air on a bike near a river .
A person jumping over a hill on a bicycle .
A group of people sitting around a desk .
A man is standing in front of three people sitting around a table .
Four people are meeting around table in a modern decorated room .
Four people gathered around a table
Three people sit in front of a man who is standing in front of a orange wall with art pictures on it .
A girl , in a black shirt and hot pink pants , is about to hit a tennis ball on the court .
A girl in pink flip flops and pants playing tennis .
A girl trying to hit a ball in the air with a tennis racket on the tennis court .
A girl wearing a black shirt and pink pants playing tennis on a tennis court .
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball .
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a slope .
A boy on a skateboard ramp .
A boy skateboards on a ramp .
a boy wearing a red shirt rides a skateboard up a ramp
A young boy skateboarding
A motorcyclist on a green bike is airborne .
A person on a dirt bike is in the air .
A person rides a motorbike through the air .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Motorcross jumper in mid-flight beneath a grey sky .
A man riding a skateboard jumps up on a wood ledge .
A skateboarder doing moves on a bench .
A skateboarder is doing a trick on a wooden step beside a white building .
a skateboarder does manuals on a bench .
A skateboarder sliding along the edge of a wooden bench .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick while wearing minimal protective gear .
A boy attempting a jump on his bike .
A boy is riding his bike over a ramp at a park .
A closeup of a man riding a bicycle .
A man in a helmet is doing stunts on a bike .
Joggers running down a rural road in a race .
Marathon runners on a road in front of a mountain ridge .
People running down a two lane road .
Runners run down the road with mountains in the background .
Several people run down a highway with mountains in the background .
A big dog drinks as a little dog gets down off a deck .
A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him .
A little dog jumps off of the bench where a larger dog is eating .
A tall , light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table .
The brown dog eats from a bowl on the wooden table as a black dog jumps off .
A hockey player in white tries to steal the puck from another player in red .
A hockey player wearing a red uniform reaches for the puck as others follow .
A red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him .
People playing hockey on ice .
Two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching .
A leather clad biker wearing face-paint sits on his motorcycle next to another biker who is standing beside his bike on a city street .
Two bikers , one with a mask , pose in the street with their bikes .
Two bikers pose for a picture , one of which is wearing a skull mask .
Two men pose with their motorcycles .
Two motorcyclists are standing on the side of the road and one is wearing a skull mask .
a skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
One climber helps another in the snow .
One mountaineer is kneeling on the ground next to another mountaineer who is standing .
two hikers in the snow adjusting rope equipment
Two people are hiking in the snow .
A person in a red and white suit kneels down on his skateboard and rides down a road .
A person in a red , black and white racing suit and a helmet is riding a skateboard .
person skateboarding on street wearing equipment
Someone with a black helmet and full body suit is kneeling on a skateboard .
The boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard .
A bicycler is going down a ramp at a bike festival .
A bike jumps through the air .
A cyclist is performing a stunt in a bicycle-cross competition .
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course .
A stunt cyclist launches himself into midair over a ramp while other cyclists watch .
A man in a skeleton printed outfit is sitting on a clean motorcycle .
A man in wearing a mask and black leather is sitting on a motorcycle on the street .
A person on a motorcycle wearing full leather with a skeleton on it and skeleton mask .
Man in black leather on a motorcycle .
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle .
Three men are standing in a crowd talking .
Three men converse in a crowd .
Three men in white button-up shirts chat .
Three men in white shirts , one with a blue cap , glasses and holding a book amongst a crowd .
Two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book .
A woman blowing on a dandelion .
A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion .
The woman is blowing the pods off a flower in a green field .
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car .
A girl and boy with sunglasses and a red car behind them .
A man with sunglasses and a woman with a hat are in front of a car .
a man with sunglasses on his head is looking at the woman with a white hat and red scarf next to him whilst standing in front of a red sports car .
A woman in a crochet hat and sunglasses smiles while the man beside her in a plaid short and sunglasses looks behind her .
A costumes woman applies makeup while looking in a mirror .
A showgirl , holding lipstick in her hand , and wearing a feather headdress , looks in a mirror .
A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror .
A woman in a fancy costume is fixer her makeup in front of a mirror .
Costumed woman applying lipstick .
A bike rider performs a trick .
A bmx biker is currently in midair doing a front flip .
A man upside down while jumping a bicycle .
A person is flipping on a trick bike .
The young man is performing a summersault in the air with a bicycle .
A hockey player crouches slightly , with a full crowd in the background .
A hockey player gets into position .
A hockey player keeps his eye on the game .
Hockey player in red hockey shirt with white and blue accents wearing a blue helmet on the ice .
Hockey player playing hockey during a game .
A little dog chases a Chihuahua .
Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park .
Some dogs running through the park .
Two dogs are running around in a fenced in area .
Two dogs run through a field .
A man in a room with three other people holding a large camera .
A man is standing at the back of a room with a sticker on his shirt .
Man with grey shirt with a white name badge .
Red-headed man with " Flickr " badge at event .
The man in the t-shirt , with a gold chain around his neck , is in a room with three others people .
A man is heading out to see with his surfboard in hand .
A man with a white surfboard is walking into the water .
A person walks into the water carrying a white surfboard .
A surfer walking into the ocean
Surfer with board marches out to sea on gray day .
A child at the edge of the water coming in on a beach .
A girl running along the beach .
A person in a white hoodie is running down the beach on the sand barefoot .
A woman runs along a rocky shore .
A woman runs along the shore .
A man checks out the beautiful necklace a woman is wearing .
A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him .
A man with a shocked expression on his face is holding a beaded necklace that is around a woman 's neck .
The man in the black hat holds the brown hair woman 's necklace .
There is a man looking a girls necklace .
A child rolls around in a large tire .
A little boy is in a tire
Boy crouched and gesturing with hands , inside of a tire .
Child crouches in tire .
The child is sitting in a large truck tire .
A man and child stand in a yard next to a bench .
A man wearing a hat is standing next to a young boy wearing a black jacket and another smaller child wearing a yellow jacket .
a young boy and a man stand in front of a bench .
Man with children near a bench in a suburban area .
Smiling man and boy standing in a yard .
A boy is standing on one hand on the pavement .
A kid in sportswear is attempting a one-handed stand on a trampoline .
A small boy does a handstand on one hand .
A young boy does a one-armed handstand on a concrete .
The boy is doing a handstand on the pavement .
A large crow of people with their hands raised .
a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once .
A large group of people with hands raised in the air .
A room full of children raise their hands , fingers extended , to the sky .
people raise their hands .
A girl and a woman pose for a picture .
A woman and young woman pose with their arms around each other .
a young girl posing with another woman each smiling .
Two women smile cheerfully at the viewer .
Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera .
Three people are facing the mountains .
Three people looking toward the mountains .
Three people stand looking in the direction of some mountains .
Three people watching the clouds in the mountains .
Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm .
A group of children do stretches on colored mats .
A group of young girls are standing in a circle on brightly colored retangular sheets on the grassy ground with their hands in the air .
A woman teaches yoga to kids at an outdoor festival .
Children learn the art of yoga on colorful mats at a festival .
Several young girls on colorful mats stretching upwards .
A man and a woman are strapped into a circular metal ride .
A man and woman , both with red hair , enjoy a bungee-type carnival ride .
Two people are suspended in air in a metal ball as part of a carnival type ride .
Two people in a slingshot ride .
Two people on an amusement park ride .
A man in black and white is holding a ball with a red and blue stripe .
A man running with a ball .
A rugby player blocks while holding the ball .
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched .
The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball .
Two girls giving the peace sign .
Two girls waving two fingers .
Two young girls one blonde one brunette are puckering there lips and showing a peace sign with there fingers .
Two young women in identical blue dresses giving the peace sign in an auditorium .
Twp young ladies give the piece sign with their fingers to the camera .
A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear .
A man on a cellphone standing with a woman .
A young couple in a busy city
Couple talking and looking in same direction , man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat .
Guy and girl in jackets while guy listens to mobile device
These three men , two with turbans , are sitting on the edge of a cement bench .
Three Arabian men sitting under an awning .
Three men holding their faces on a sidewalk .
Three men sit on a bench outside .
Three Middle Eastern men are sitting on a sidewalk together .
A person in red is opening a red car 's door in a parking area .
a woman gets out of a red car .
Two people embrace outside of a red car at night in a brightly-lit city .
Two people standing next to a red car are hugging in traffic with a brightly lit city scene behind them .
Two people stand outside of a red car in the city and hug .
Two girls are sitting on a wooden floor in front of a large window .
Two girls sit on the floor in front of floor length windows with a view .
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .
Two teen girls sitting in front of window with view of city and mountains .
Two young women are sitting in front of a large window overlooking a big city .
two black and white dogs running towards each other in the grass
Two dogs approach each other in the grass .
Two dogs are playing out in a yard .
Two dogs face off in the park .
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass .
A man dressed as a pirate is smiling for the camera in between a male and a female .
A man in white , a man in black with a red headscarf , and a blond woman smoking .
A man wearing a pirate hat and eyepatch smiles at the camera .
A young man with a red skull cap is smiling and looking at us .
Two men holding cups and one lady holding a cigarette .
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed .
A man and a woman in front of the yellow flowers .
A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside .
a red haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown haired man who is also smiling .
Couple posing for picture with white and yellow flowers in the background .
A girl in a yellow shirt is throwing a wet football .
A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .
A little girl plays with a water balloon and laughs .
A young girl holds a wet sponge and is ready to throw .
A young girl in a yellow t-shirt is about to throw a wet , yellow sponge ball .
A woman in white and woman in black are standing by each other talking on cellphones .
These two girls in a booth are talking on cellphones .
two girls , one in black and one in white are talking on cellphones in front a wall covered in music posters .
Two women are talking each on a cellphone while walking
Two women talking on cellphones , with posters behind them .
A girl leaning against a woman 's shoulder while sitting on a bench .
A mother with a child sitting on her lap and both are smiling .
A woman and a child sit together and smile .
A woman and a young girl sit close and pose for a photo .
A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera .
A lady riding a mini motorcycle
an african-american woman rides her moped .
A woman on a motorcycle is wearing heels .
A woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped .
Woman riding a small red and white motorcycle and wearing a matching red helmet and scarf
A bunch of people mainly men watching something .
A group of people are looking into the distance .
a group of several people standing around a railing
Some young men stand holding a railing with a lot of other people .
Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts , standing at a bench .
A brown dogs licks its black nose .
A closeup of a dog licking his nose .
A closeup of a dog with a white chest licking its nose .
A dog is licking its nose in the grass .
There is a dog licking its chops .
A white dog running on a rocky beach .
A white dog running on the beach .
A white dog runs with one ear up .
A white dog with a black chest piece runs along the shore of a grainy beach .
A white dog with a black harness runs on a rocky shore .
A red airplane is leaving white smoke behind it .
A red airplane that has left behind a trail .
A red biplane in the sky , with a trail of smoke .
A red bi-plane leaves a white trail in a blue sky .
A red biplane streaks across the sky leaving a white trail behind it .
An older woman and a young girl standing in front of a large bush covered in pink flowers .
A woman poses with a small girl in front of a flower bush .
Older woman puts hands on shoulders of little girl , plants in background .
Old lady and little girl stand in front of purple flowers .
The woman is standing in the garden with a young girl .
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .
Hockey goalie attempting to block a shot by Brian Nugent
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .
Hockey goaltender diving
The goalie with the blue and white jersey is sliding near the goal posts .
A boy on his bike is wearing a blue shirt and is in midair .
A cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park .
An angled picture of a person doing a trick on a bike .
A person on a bmx bike , running a course .
Young man does stunt on bicycle near beach .
A crowd of people waving red flags are passing under a bridge .
A group of people walk down the street carrying red flags .
A large group of people walking down a street , some carrying flags or banners .
Many people walking together on pavement near a brick building with other people looking on .
many people walk in the street .
A man skateboards around an orange cone .
A man wearing a black helmet and black pants and shirt rides his skateboard in a park .
The skateboarder rides near a small cone .
Two men racing each other on skateboards .
Two skateboarders , one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .
A child spins on a merry-go-round .
Childern are playing on a merry go round as adults on a bench watch them .
Children play on a merry-go-round as adults look on from a bench .
Fathers watch as their children enjoy the spinning merry-go-round .
Two kids sit in the middle of a playground toy that spins around them .
A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether .
A person rock climbing and another man on the ground holding the rope .
One person is rock climbing while another person is holding the rope and watching from below .
Two people are rock climbing .
Two rock climbers near the base of a rock face .
A girl doing the splits in the air while jumping on a trampoline .
a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
Girl in black and white top and black leggings jumping on trampoline .
The girl is jumping on a trampoline , outdoors in a backyard .
Young woman jumping on trampoline .
A boy on a skateboard balances on a red beam .
A boy wearing jeans and red sneakers is balancing on a red bar .
A skateboarder balances on a red rail .
A skateboarder sliding on a rail .
A teenage boy grinds his skateboard over a red rail .
a man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
A man in a sports uniform kicking a soccer ball while other players follow him
A soccer player in blue is striking the ball whilst being pursued by a player in green .
A soccer player in blue uniform attempts to make a play with a player in green closing in .
Man in blue shirt kicks soccer ball .
A person in a white shirt grinding a skateboard down a long rail in a skate park .
A person in a white shirt skateboarding off a rail .
A skateboarder grinds down a long rail .
A skateboarder rides down a rail .
A skateboarder riding a rail .
The two dogs are running on the grass .
Two brown dogs are running on the grass .
Two dogs are running together through mowed grass .
Two dogs , one brown and one brown and white , running in a yard .
Two dogs play together in the yard .
A boy skateboards on a wooden bench .
A person rides a skateboard off of a wooden bench .
a skateboarder grinds a bench .
Person skateboarding on a wooden bench .
The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench .
A closeup of two boys playing soccer in their team uniforms .
A goalie lays on the ground after catching a soccer ball .
The boy in goal is gathering up the soccer ball in his arms as another boy runs towards him .
Two children playing soccer .
Two kids are playing soccer together .
A girl twirls in a pink dress .
A little girl dancing in a pink and green dress .
A little girl twirls around in a flowery dress .
A young girl in a pink dress is dancing .
Blonde girl in green dress with pink flowers .
There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street .
three girls dressed up dancing on city street
Three women dance down the city street .
Three women dancing in a city street .
Three women in festive dresses are dancing in a large city street while a large crowd is behind them holding up a banner .
A biker is racing downhill .
A biker prepares to go down a hill .
A person in a biking suit rides a bike down a hill .
A person in a blue biking uniform is ridding a dirt bike on a grassy track .
A person riding a bicycle travels down an overgrown hill .
A gondola is steered through the canals with other boats around .
A man is steering a gondola with people in it down a river with buildings all around .
a man rowing a ganilla down a watery path
Man in a gondola in a canal .
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal .
a man kneeling on the ground surrounded by several cats
A man on the street surrounded by cats .
Man caring for several cats on the sidewalk .
Person dressed in black with a blue hat next to several cats outside .
The man kneeled down and the cats circled him .
A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game .
A player tackling his opponent in a game of rugby .
A soccer player in red being tackled by a soccer player in green .
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
Rugby players tackling each other .
A cyclist is leaning his bicycle up on its front wheel .
A guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park .
A man is doing a bicycle trick at a bike park with ramps .
A man on a BMX bike is performing a trick .
Man doing stunt on bike in a skate park .
A man in a white shirt is airborne .
A man , low to the ground , rolls down a ramp on a skateboard .
A man skateboards in a warehouse .
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp .
A skateboarder in midair above an indoor ramp .
A dog chases a toy in the grass with its owner in the background .
A dog chases a white animal on a green lawn .
A dog playing outside in the grass .
A golden dog is running across the grass chasing a white toy on the ground .
The brown dog is running outside on the grass .
A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string .
A white and black dog chases after a decoy-animal on a string .
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
The white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass .
The white dog is running in the green grass .
A black dog jumping .
A dog leaping on pavement .
a dog runs across the street .
A gray dog jumps through the air over a gravel path .
The furry brown dog is jumping on the concrete .
A girl in a pink flower dress .
A girl outdoors near picnic tables .
A young girl holds her hair as the wind blows .
A young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk .
A young girl wearing a pink floral outfit walks down the sidewalk .
One person is tumbling on the ground next to another person with his shoes off .
Two boys , one is climbing a roof , the other is bending down looking at the ground .
Two children playing on rocks
two people climbing some sort of object in the distance
Two young people at park .
A girl has just jumped into the water as evident by the air bubbles around her .
A lady in a blue swimsuit is swimming underwater .
A person has just dove into a body of water and bubbles are going up .
A woman diving in a blue swimsuit .
a woman dives into the water .
A man snowboards .
A red-clothed snowboarder is performing an aerial trick .
A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder is in the air .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air over a snow slope .
A man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
A man wearing a grey shirt is doing a skateboard trick on stairs .
a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center .
A skateboarder jumping down the stairs .
The boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps , surrounded by graffiti covered walls .
Brown dog and German shepherd standing near each other in the grass near water .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field in a park with a lake in the background .
Two dogs play in a field .
Two large dogs run in green grass with water in the background .
A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures .
Asian spectators .
Many people are crowded together , with a couple of them looking upwards .
People looking up at the sky at something .
two people in a crowd are looking up
A horse leaps over a fence while a rider hangs on .
Man riding a horse jumping over a wooden fence .
Person in a yellow helmet is jumping a brown horse over a fence .
The horse and rider are jumping over a fence .
The horse and rider jump a fence .
Two black dogs are facing each other showing their teeth .
two brown and black dogs growling at each other .
Two brown dogs barking at each other .
Two dogs bare their teeth and bark .
Two dogs on the grass , barking at each other .
A black dog and a brown dog with a yellow foam soccer ball toy on a grassy field
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball .
Two dogs on a lawn play with a plastic toy , in a distorted photograph .
Two dogs , one brown one black with a yellow toy , black dog has mouth open and brown dog has the toy .
Two dogs run to catch a yellow soccer ball .
A man with an electric guitar and long hair leans towards another musician .
A woman in white lighting talks to a man lit in green .
The spotlight is on a guitarist who is playing in a band .
Two musicians are on a stage , one plays the bass guitar .
Two people perform on a stage with electric guitars .
A man playing cricket , his bat pointed to the sky .
Man dressed in white playing sports .
The cricketer is swinging a bat in the air .
The man wearing knee protectors swings a cricket club .
The man wearing white clothes and white leg padding is practicing a sport .
A horse and rider jumping a small fence .
a horse and rider jump over a fence .
A horse jumps over a wooden fence .
A jockey on a horse jumps a fence .
A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence .
A man demonstrates how to ride a bicycle with only the back wheel on the ground .
A man in a red outfit balances on a bike .
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright .
A man wearing red and black is balancing himself on the back wheels of a bicycle that is pointing up .
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel .
A man dressed in a green jacket is playing piano while a woman sings .
A man is sitting in front of a harpsichord , and a woman is preparing to sing .
A person playing the piano with a singer nearby .
A pianist and a singer are ready to perform .
The man in the green jacket is playing the piano next to a woman who is by a music stand .
A lady laughs as she and a man drink coffee .
A man and a girl are sitting down and have a drink .
A man and a woman are drinking from ceramic cups in front of a brick wall .
a woman in black is sitting next to a man wearing glasses in a coffee shop .
People sitting in building having drinks
A child alone on a beach holding a pail .
A child with a green bucket on the beach .
A little boy holds a green bucket on the beach .
A little boy with a green bucket standing in front of a blanket .
A young boy carries a green bucket on a sandy beach with a cloudy sky overhead .
A girl looking away while holding a jacket .
A woman carrying a purse and a pink jacket is standing .
A woman in a blue shirt looks unhappy .
A young lady looking disgusted wearing a blue shirt .
The woman in the blue top is holding a pink jacket in her arms
A man in all black is using a green bike to trick over a sign saying , " Free Dinner " .
A man is jumping on a green bicycle over a sign that says ' free dinner ' .
A man jumping a sign on his bike .
A man on a bicycle is jumping over a sign that says " free dinner " .
boy on bike jumping over a sign
A girl wearing red and blue clothing poses for a man kneeling to take her picture .
A man takes a picture of a girl with a patriotic outfit .
A person taking a photograph of a child in a colourful outfit .
A young girl in red poses for a camera .
A young girl posing for a man to take a photograph near a parking lot .
A black dog jumps up to catch a white ball .
A dog catches a ball in the air
A dog catches a toy outside of a brick house .
A dog leaps to catch a ball .
The big black dog is jumping up in the air to catch a ball .
A brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball .
A dog jumps to catch a toy near a brick house .
A dog stands on its hind legs to catch a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog jumps up to catch the ball .
The leashed dog jumps high to catch the old soccer ball .
A boxer in black trunks taking a swing at a boxer in white trunks .
a man in black shorts is boxing against and man in white shorts .
A man wearing black boxing shorts and white boxing gloves and a man in white boxing shorts and white boxing gloves are fighting in the ring .
Two boxers fight in a well-lit ring surrounded by poorly-lit seating .
Two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves .
A black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing .
Black and white man boxing .
Two boxers are fighting .
Two men box .
Two men boxing in a match .
A group of kids play around in water .
Children swimming in brown riverwater .
These three young boys are posing in a body of water .
Three children are playing together in some water .
Three Indian children playing in water .
The taller man is trying to block the shorter man .
Two boxers fiercely attacking each other .
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring .
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink .
A boy soccer player running down the field .
A small boy wearing red runs towards a soccer ball .
A young boy dressed in a red uniform kicks the soccer ball on the field as another child in blue watches from behind .
A young boy wearing a red uniform lines up to kick a soccer ball .
Little boy in red getting ready to kick soccer ball while other boy watches .
A black and brown dog has rope in its mouth .
A dog jumps to catch a rope toy .
A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass .
A large dog is running on the grass with a rope in its mouth .
The dog is running with a rope toy .
A crowd of people gathered together and one woman is standing and holding a sign .
A group of fans gather for some type of event .
Asian crowd with attractive woman in foreground
Girl in a black and red shirt is standing up with a pole in her hand surrounded by people .
Young woman standing above a crowd .
A group of children playing soccer and talking outside a restaurant .
A group of people playing soccer in a less developed part of town .
several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
Six boys are sitting and playing in a run down area .
The children are talking and playing in the street .
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall .
a person swimming in a pretty lake with a waterfall in the background
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall .
A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall .
A person swims in a pool by a waterfall .
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight .
A bald man plays guitar while a spotlight is on him .
A man plays guitar next to a drummer .
An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar .
The gutarist upfront is under a spotlight , and the drummer in the back is under one too .
A man with a double bass and a man with a mandolin play music .
A seated man playing a small guitar next to a standing man plucking a bass .
one man sitting playing a small guitar while another man is standing playing a large chello .
The two gentleman are playing stringed instruments .
two men play instruments .
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cellphone with other people behind him .
A man in a helmet holding a cellphone .
A man in a plaid shirt with a red and black bike helmet on his cellphone .
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cellphone with other people in the background .
A man with a bicycle helmet on is using a cellphone in the midst of a crowd .
Three men are sitting inside of a store while the green neon lights flash on them from outside .
Three men seated looking through glass accented by green light
Three men sit at the counter in a restaurant .
Three men sit down in a building illuminated with green light .
Three men sitting behind a window ringed with green neon lights .
Two dogs are facing each other on the grass beside a wooden fence .
Two dogs play in grass .
two dogs play together .
Two puppies playfully nip and chase each other .
Two tan dogs , one larger than the other , interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence .
A boy leaps off his skateboard over some steps near a house .
A person wearing a red shirt jumps with a skateboard over the steps .
A skateboarder is jumping down three steps .
Kid riding skateboard down the stairs .
The boy is skateboarding on the stairs .
The three people are dancing on a wood floor in kitchen clothing .
Three dancers dancing in housekeeping clothes .
Three people dance together to prepare for a show
Two girls and a boy perform a dance .
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef .
Adults and children are playing with water balloons in the street .
A group of people play a game in the road .
A group of people play a game in the street , passing balloons to one another
People passing water balloons in the street
The early stages of a water balloons toss .
A bird with a bug in its mouth .
A black and yellow bird is eating a worm while resting on the grassy ground .
A black and orange bird in the grass
A black bird with a yellow beak standing in green grass .
A brown bird is standing still in a grassy field .
A group of people standing in the street
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street .
Group of children in the street .
Woman in white pants and turquoise tank top faces away .
Women and children are playing on a paved road .
A jogger in red shorts is in the street .
A man looks like he 's in pain as he runs in a race .
A man running .
A runner makes a face during a race because he is in pain .
A runner winces as he runs .
A child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline .
A little boy wearing red jumps into the air .
A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline .
A man in a yellow helmet climbs up a rock cliff .
a man wearing a yellow helmet climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A man wearing a yellow helmet tries to climb a rock with his hands .
A mountain climber reaches the top of a cliff .
A person wearing a yellow helmet is climbing a cliff .
A small boat carrying two people moves through the water .
People in a brown boat float down the street of a city built on water .
Three men are riding a boat through along a canal between buildings .
Three men are riding in a wooden boat in the middle of a city .
Three men on wooden boat in front of buildings
A man does a skateboard trick on snowy ground .
A skateboarder in black , brown , and white is grinding his skateboard along a low rail
A young man rides a skateboard along a metal pole .
The skater rides his board on the pipe .
The young man is riding a skateboard and performing a trick .
The two children are in the bed with comic books .
two boys reading superhero books
Two boys read spiderman and xmen comic books .
Two children read in bed .
Two young boys read comic books in bed .
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
A black and white dog swimming .
A black and white dog swims in blue water .
A small black and white dog is swimming in water .
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water .
A child steps up on a playground toy as arms reach for her .
A girl climbs the stairway of a playground as arms reach for her .
An adult is encouraging a young girl to try the slide .
A small child is climbing up playground equipment while hands reach toward her from behind bars .
The girl is at the park playing on the jungle gym .
a boy with a blue helmet is riding a bike
A young boy has his mouth open as he rides his bike outdoors past a stone wall .
A young boy is riding a bike .
A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park .
The boy with the red and blue helmet rides his bicycle .
There are two girls sitting at a table reading menus while the waiter stands at the table .
Two girls look at a menu with unhappy faces as the waiter takes their orders .
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter .
two women looking at menus with waiter at table
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table .
A couple kissing on the neck on a busy street .
A man embraces a woman on a crowded street .
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
Man kisses girl on neck
Man kissing a woman 's neck on a busy sidewalk .
A person behind some bags inside an igloo .
a snowy cave full of luggage
Inside the igloo , the young man gets ready for his overnight stay .
Some backpacks piled up in an ice cave with a person dressed in black in the background .
There is something visible through the hole in the wall .
A man is skiing down a mountain with another large mountain behind him and a river between the mountains .
A man is skiing down a snowy hill with a large mountain in the background .
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain .
A person skis down a snowy mountain .
A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .
A group of people sit on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them .
A middle aged black man is sitting down looking straight in our direction .
Four adults are sitting on a ledge overlooking mountains .
Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings .
Four people sitting on low cement ledge .
A female hurdle-jumper is caught in midair clearing a hurdle in a track-and-field setting .
A girl in a yellow shirt jumping over a hurdle .
A girl in a yellow tank top jumping a blue hurdle with people in the background .
A girl is jumping a hurdle and about to touch ground .
A woman is jumping over a hurdle on a track in front of a grassy field with people on it .
An adult and a child sitting down and both are biting their finger nails .
An older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress .
An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth .
An old woman with a big bag in her lap sits next to a little girl in a stripe , orange dress .
A young girl with two fingers in her mouth sitting next to an older woman .
A man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch .
A man throwing a ball for a dog .
A man throwing a red stick for a dog to fetch .
A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .
The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .
A man in a red jacket is sitting on a bench whilst cooking a meal .
A man is sitting on a bench , cooking some food .
A man sits on a bench .
A man wearing a red jacket is sitting on a wooden bench and is cooking something in a small pot .
a man wearing a red jacket sitting on a bench next to various camping items
A man in a baseball cap does a skateboard jump on a half pipe .
A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day .
Skateboarder with black and white hat performing an ollie in a skate park .
The skateboarder is doing a trick off the side of a half pipe
An inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones .
A person in red pants wearing in line skates weaves through green cones .
A person is performing a rollerblading trick as other people skate and run nearby .
A woman rollerblading around green cones .
A woman skates while others run on a path .
A golden retriever nurses puppies .
A white dog nurses her pups .
Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies .
The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket .
The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups .
A closeup of a hummingbird .
A closeup of a hummingbird flying .
A hummingbird hovers in the air .
Close-up of a hummingbird .
The bird that is flying has a very long beak .
A dirt bike racer takes offf as others watch .
A motocross rider is traveling along a dirt path with people watching .
A person on a dirt bike is riding up a hill while people watch on the side .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Person riding dirt bike on track while others stand by track
A woman bicycles down the hill on a dirt trail .
A woman biking downhill .
A woman is riding down a dirt trail on her bike .
Man riding a bike down a dirt hill .
Woman in blue workout attire and helmet rides through dirt path
A swan is above water .
A swan landing in a lake .
A swan taking off from the water .
A white swan is skimming across the surface of the water .
The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water .
A black and white dog running through shallow water .
A black dog is running on water .
A black dog running through water .
Black dog with white feet running into a lake .
The black dog is running through water .
Two men in camouflage pants are running past a parking lot .
Two men in camouflage pants are running past a parking lot .
Two men run through a parking lot wearing camouflage pants .
Two men wearing army pants are running next to a fence .
Two soldiers are running down a track .
A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background .
A little boy kisses a little girl while sitting on hay bales surrounded by Halloween decorations .
A little boy kissing a girl on a stack of hay .
Two children are sitting on bales of hay in a Halloween themed setting .
Two children are sitting on hay in front of pumpkins and play witches .
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air .
A child who is celebrating their graduation in a field .
A young child dressed in a graduation gown is throwing a graduation cap in the air .
A young girl throws her graduation cap into the air .
Young girl in red graduation suit flings her hat upward into the field .
Several men walking past a tent notice a sign .
Three men in white outfits walk in front of a fundraising tent .
Three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it .
Three men walking next to a tent with a billboard sign on it .
Three young men in white walking near tented area with banner advertisement .
Two black dogs are fighting over a toy
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
Two black dogs fighting over an orange toy .
A girl is standing on a snowy cliff .
A girl standing on a snowy hillside .
a person in a blue tracksuit carrying a package is standing on a snowy mountain
A woman in blue stands on a cliff 's edge holding a shopping bag .
This person , dressed in blue , is standing on a snowy mountain .
A crowd of people are standing around a yellow-suited musician .
A man in yellow set up a band next to a crowd .
A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments .
Man in yellow-gold suit and hat leaning forward with musical instruments to his right .
The man in the yellow suit stands near musical instruments and a crowd .
A small girl , wearing a pink top and jeans , stands on a field , with others in the background .
A small white skinned girl in a pink top and jeans stands on a soccer field .
A young girl in blue jeans and a red shirt is in the green grass .
A young girl smiles in a field .
Girl in pink top dancing in a field ,
A man in a flowered bathing suit waterskies on one ski while being pulled by a rope .
A man is doing a jump on a wakeboard in the water .
A man on a waterski is performing a jump in the air .
A man riding a wakeboard on a lake
A man waterskiing through the air near a dock .
A boy and a girl are standing near the water on a beach .
A girl in a cowboy hat and a boy standing on the ocean shore
A young boy and girl posing on the beach .
The boy and girl are standing in front of the ocean and mountains .
The boy in the gray t-shirt is standing next to the girl in the green dress and cowboy hat on the beach .
A man is fixing the wheel of a bicycle inside a cycling store .
A man works in a bike shop .
A woman in a bicycle store where two men are working on a bike .
A woman in a red shirt is examining one of many bicycles while a man in a blue shirt is adjusting a wheel .
People shopping in a bike shop .
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna running very fast .
A small white dog running
A small white dog running across a lawn .
A white and tan dog runs along the green grass .
The small dogs runs in the yard .
Two cricket players holding their sticks in the air .
Two field hockey players with their sticks in the air
two men each carrying a stick playing a sport competition
Two men playing hockey .
Two men play lacrosse or field hockey .
Four people posing for a photo in front of a pond .
Four young people stand near a bike with two flags on it .
This is a picture of three young men , dressed in suits with one on a bike , and of a young lady wearing a white dress .
Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field .
Three smartly dressed man and woman are standing beside a bicycle on the grass .
A dirt biker aggitates dirt on a four wheeler .
A man is riding a four wheeler through some dirt .
A person drives an ATV through mud .
A person on an all-terrain vehicle , sending up clouds of dust .
A quad sends dirt flying into the air .
A bunch of children sitting in chairs and standing on wooden floors .
A group of children sit , stand , and kneel along a wall .
A group of children sitting on folding chairs and playing .
a young group of children sitting in a row against the wall .
The kids talking while sitting on a row of chairs along the wall .
A boy standing on a tricycle .
A little baby on a tricycle seems to not be wearing any clothes .
A toddler looking behind him while standing on a red tricycle .
The child stand on the seat of his trike in the park .
The small child is standing on a tricycle .
A lacross player hitting an oppenents stick .
A man in a red and white jersey is hitting a man in a blue and white jersey during a field hockey game .
A man in a red uniform swings while another in a blue uniform jumps and others look on .
Two field hockey players collide .
Two men attempt to hit a ball on a sports field with their team members standing by .
A man skateboarding .
A person is skateboarding in a skate hole
A skateboarder approaches a ramp .
A skateboarder riding up to a slope .
a skateboarder skates in the pool .
A boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air .
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
A person wearing glasses is in the sand reaching for a yellow ball .
The boy is playing ball in the sand .
The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
A brown dog is standing on his back legs trying to reach something in the mans hand .
A man and a dog are playing in a field
a man and a dog stand in the grass .
A man holding stick and playing with a dog .
The man has a dog on a leash and appears to be teaching it to stand on its hind legs .
A cyclist is airborne over a jump in a public skate and bike park .
A guy on a bicycle midair above a ramp , doing a trick .
A man in midair doing a bicycle stunt on a half pipe .
A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background .
The biker does a trick in the air .
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car .
two scantily clad girls holding checkered flags standing on each side of a classic red car .
Two spokesmodels in front of a hotrod .
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car .
Two women in black with flags are standing in front of an old-fashioned car .
A guy jumps to make a basketball shot .
Four men playing basketball on a court with various people in the background .
The man drives the lane for a shot in the outdoor basketball game .
The three men are playing basketball on a blacktop .
Three men are playing basketball and one of them blocked the others shot while people play in the back .
An asian tennis player returning a serve .
A tennis player on a clay court runs to the ball .
a woman in a white shirt is playing tennis
a woman returns the tennis ball .
Tennis player running for the ball .
a blue and grey race car driving on a dirt track .
A person driving a drag racer on dirt .
A person is in a race car on a track with a lot debri .
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud .
The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel .
A man is in the air with his bike and there 's another guy on his bike in the back with the water close by .
Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end .
Bikers getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline .
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp .
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water .
A boy wearing a helmet and no shirt , in the air on a bike .
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A man on a bike does a very high jump .
A man without a shirt , wearing a helmet , jumping a bike in the air near water .
A woman doing a jump on a bike
A big tan dog wearing a muzzle running in green grass .
A brown dog wears a blue muzzle as it runs in the grass .
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .
A brown greyhound is wearing a blue muzzle and blue collar .
The brown dog with the blue muzzle is in the field .
A biker in the woods .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .
a guy on a bike jumping from one large rock to another
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .
Person on bike in air above two large boulders with sun overhead .
A man driving a four-wheeler off-road .
A man riding an ATV makes a jump over a dirt road .
A racer on an ATV leaves the ground in a jump .
person wearing a helmet on a four wheeled bike in air
The man does a trick on the fourwheeler .
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A man and a woman holding hands try to go their opposite ways .
A well dressed young couple hold hands and pull in different directions in front of trees .
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress .
The man in the black suit and hat is holding the hand of the girl in the green dress whilst looking away from each other .
Young couple in formal attire hold hands
A dirty-blonde girl wearing a white tank top and blue jeans is standing in the middle of a green field and playing with dandelions .
a girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field .
A girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow .
A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field .
A young girl standing in a grassy field .
A person skateboarding down a ramp at night .
A skateboard rolling down a ramp .
Boy in jacket riding skateboard down a handicap ramp
Someone skateboarding down a wheelchair ramp in front of a tall yellow building .
The boy is sliding down the ramp on a skateboard .
A man and a woman are sitting in a rowboat on calm water .
A man rowing a boat while the woman watches .
The woman is sitting in the boat being rowed by the man .
Two people in life jackets in a rowboat
Two people wear life jackets in a rowboat .
A crowd of girls at a concert .
A crowd of people stand .
Adoring girls watch the singer at the concert .
a group of people smiling and dancing in a huddle group together .
A large group of people are watching something , screaming , and taking pictures .
a dirty looking man standing in front of an overfilled red grocery chart
A homeless man has a shopping cart full of junk .
A older man is wearing a torn up suit and is leaning on an orange shopping cart full of items .
A scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .
A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates .
A dog chases a Nerf ball in the grass .
A dog playing fetch in a green field .
A multicolor dog chasing after a ball across the grass .
Dog chasing after a ball on the grass .
Wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field .
A pair of long necked birds swimming .
Two swans glide on river .
Two swans swimming in the water .
Two swans swimming near the shore .
Two white swans in the lake .
A boy in blue shorts standing in the surf .
A boy is standing in the ocean with his arms outstretched .
A child in water .
A young boy wearing blue swim trunks on the beach walking into the water .
The young boy opens his arms as waves come crashing near him .
A group of men wearing uniforms with hats gather holding flags .
A VFW group stand at attention at a funeral .
Members of a fraternal organization in a graveyard
Men in uniform take part in a ceremony with flags .
Men in uniform , with flags , are gathered outdoors for a ceremony .
A bicyclist does maneuvers
A biker lands on the ground after flying through the air .
A cyclist in a helmet is driving down a slope on his bike .
A person on a red bike .
One biker wearing a helmet is jumping over an obstacle .
A ball player on the dirt mound pitching .
a baseball player trows the ball .
A pitcher throws the ball .
Baseball player throwing the baseball .
The man is pitching a baseball on a dirt mound .
A woman and a dog are riding in a kayak passing by some trees .
A woman is kayaking on a lake
One person and a dog in a kayak
The person and the dog are sitting on the yellow canoe .
Women sitting in yellow kayak with her dog .
A group of people on a walkway .
A group of people on a zig zagging path through the mountains
People are standing around a scenic lookout on a sunny day .
People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill .
tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky .
a blue race car almost crashing into a wall of tires
A blue race car on the side of the track .
A blue race car slides off of the track with its back tires .
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear .
A nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
A black and white dog running on the beach while a man stands behind it .
A dog running on the beach while a man watches .
A dog running toward the camera with a man in the background
A dog running at the beach with a man looking in the background .
The dog is happily running on the beach .
A boy crawls under a house outside .
A boy in blue jeans stands in the scoop of a bulldozer .
a boy stands on a black bench .
A boy wearing a black shirt is climbing inside the bucket of a mechanical digger .
Little boy wearing jeans is playing on industrial equipment .
Three black dogs playing in a fenced area with a ball .
Three black dogs running after an orange ball .
Three dogs are playing with a red ball in a field .
Three dogs play with a red ball .
Three dogs run after a ball in a field .
A man with a black dog sitting in a yellow kayak on that is floating on calm water .
A person sits in a yellow kayak on the water with their little dog .
A woman in a kayak with dog rests her paddle over her head .
A woman kayaking with her small dog
A woman is kayaking in a yellow kayak with her dog .
A bike rider sits and watches as a fellow rider does a jump off a ramp .
A man watches another man do a bicycle trick .
Two trick bikers , one is jumping at the top of a ramp .
Two young men do cycle figures on ramp .
Two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches
A man in sunglasses sitting at a table full of various kinds of soda .
A man is sitting at a table filled with softdrinks .
A man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages .
A man with brown hair and a five o'clock shadow is wearing sunglasses and sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks .
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses sits by cans of soda .
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera .
A man is taking photos with a long range lens by a body of water .
A man takes photos on the water 's edge .
a man wearing a tank top loooking into a camera that 's on a tripod
Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats .
A biker wearing a helmet .
A guy on a bike goes through dirt .
A guy riding a BMX bicycle along a trail .
A painting of a man riding a mountain bike on a mountain trail .
A person is riding a bike on a dirt road .
A kayaker in a red kayak paddles as an orange kayak approaches from behind .
A man in a red kayak in the water .
A man in a red kayak paddles through blue water .
a man paddling a red kayak
Man paddles red kayak , orange kayak in background .
A person stands on a boat in the ocean .
A windboarder stands on their windboard in the ocean .
That person is in the water with a World festival sign .
There is a person on a sailboard with an orange and yellow sail out on the water .
This person , whose board displays an orange and yellow sail , is sailing through the water .
Two brown and white puppies are playing tug of war with a blue strip of fabric .
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth .
Two dogs tug at a blue leash .
Two puppies are tugging on a rag in the grass .
Two puppies pulling on a string .
A man is talking to a mounted policeman outside a stadium .
A man talks to a mounted policeman .
A policeman on a horse surrounded by on-lookers .
A police officer on a horse stands in front of a red brick , multistory building .
A police woman riding on a brown horse next to a man in a black jacket .
A man on a motorcycle touches his knee to the ground during a sharp turn .
A motorcycle racer riding a yellow motorcycle .
A person on a motorcycle .
A yellow motorcycle and rider take a turn .
The motorcycle rider in yellow and black is making a turn .
A dog catches a yellow Frisbee thrown by a gray-haired man .
A man is watching a dog catch a Frisbee in midair .
A man stands by as a dog leaps to grab a Frisbee while people sitting on a wall watch .
A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it .
Dog jumps to catch a Frisbee while people watch .
A closeup of a young child wearing a pink bathing suit laying in shallow water at the beach .
A little girl smiles as she lays on her side in the water .
a smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water .
A young dark haired girl in a pink and white swimsuit smiles as she lies in three inch deep water .
Little girl in swimsuit lies on stomach in water , smiles at camera .
A man does Ti Chi on a rock overlooking a forest .
A man stands in a strange position on a rock high above some trees .
A person dances along a high rock surface nearby the tops of tree-lined areas .
a person dances on a rock .
This hiker does a dance of joy on top of the mountain .
a boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard on the street
A boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard quickly down the road .
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street
A kid is skateboarding in the suburbs .
The boy in the red shirt is skateboarding .
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .
Two boys are jumping into a pool .
Two guys jumping into a pool .
Two teenage boys are leaping into a swimming pool .
Two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool .
People lean over in the snow .
Two climbers are wearing backpacks ascending a very snowy mountain .
Two people climbing a snowy mountain .
Two people heavily dressed , carrying backpacks , walk through snow .
Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain .
Two hikers are climbing through a rocky and snowy passage in the mountains .
Two mountain climbers walk through a pass with snowy mountains behind them .
Two mountain-climbing hikers ascend a rocky path through patches of snow .
Two people are climbing up a huge , snowy mountain .
Two people are walking up a mountain .
A group of young adults with " X " on their hands , smiling .
Highschoolers smile for the camera at a dance .
Teens are posing for a picture at a crowded event .
Teens having a good time .
Yound people make goofy faces for the camera .
A little girl in a yellow dress lays on a wooden floor surrounded by flowers .
a young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
a young girl wearing yellow lays on the ground .
The girl with a yellow dress and sandals on is surrounded by yellow flowers .
The small girl in the yellow dress laid on the bedspread surrounded by flowers .
The girls dance to the street musicians
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
A man admires a rock formation on the water .
a man climbing a huge rock wall overlooking the blue ocean
a man kicks a large rock near the ocean .
A man stands by a boulder near an ocean .
A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water .
A man climbs out of the ocean onto a rock
A man is standing in the ocean and holding on tho the rock .
A man wearing a wetsuit is climbing a rock along a beach .
A scuba diver emerges from the water and pulls himself onto the rocks .
Man hangs onto rock while out in the ocean .
A dog catches a Frisbee in the front yard .
A dog playing Frisbee in the front yard , next to a car .
A white dog catches a red Frisbee in the grass .
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee in its mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick over a jump nearby a bush and wooden building .
A biker spins his bike in the air above the ground .
An extreme cyclist flying through the air on his green bike in a rural area
A person on a bike get airborne .
Person jumping bicycle off cliff beside building on hill
A convoy of military trucks are lined up in a lot .
A line of military trucks are passing by a soldier who is walking away .
A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles .
A military man walks away from a line of Army vehicles .
Army vehicles line up and a soldier walks near them .
A bird flying in the air
a bird flies low to the ground .
A bird with its wings spread
A hawk flies down towards the grass .
A hawk is flying , trailing lines from its legs .
A brown dog is splashing in a puddle in the grass .
A brown dog splashing through a puddle on a lawn
A dog is running through a sprinkler in the grass .
A dog plays in water from a sprinkler .
A dog splashing through a puddle in the grass .
A man is about to do a belly-smacker into the pool .
A man jumps into the blue water pool .
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms .
The boy in the black swim trunks dives into the pool .
The boy is jumping into the large pool .
A boy holding a lightsaber jumps in the middle of the street .
A boy holding a stick jumping Ont he street .
a boy in shorts and white shirt is jumping whilst holding a pink stick in front of a large tree surrounded by sacks .
A small boy in a white shirt is jumping with a sword in his hand .
A young boy jumps in the street while holding a stick .
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air .
A man in a blue outfit is swinging a sword in the air .
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park .
A person wearing a blue robe is in the air , holding a sword .
Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair .
a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt .
A man climbing a rocky outcropping while another watches .
A man is climbing up a rock while another man watches him from behind .
A person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting .
Two people are attempting to rock climb on a small but steep rock wall .
A man in red rock climbing .
A person in a red shirt is holding on to a natural formation .
Men try to climb up a large rock .
Someone climbing a rock upside down
Two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature .
A cowboy is riding a horse whilst spinning a lasso around .
a cowboy riding a horse , swinging a rope above his head
A cowboy waves a lasso in the air at a horse show .
A man riding a brown horse is twirling a lasso above his head .
The cowboy prepares to lasso the bull .
one policeman sitting on his motorcycle with two fellow policeman standing to the left
Three policemen , one on his cop bike , wearing black uniforms with black boots .
Two policemen are standing and one policeman is sitting on his motorcycle .
Two police officers are standing next to another officer who is sitting on a motorcycle .
Two standing policemen and one sitting on a motorcycle smile for the camera .
A brown dog running on grass .
A dog running in the fenced in backyard .
A dog running on a sunny , green lawn .
A dog runs through the grass in the sun .
A young boxer dog races across a green lawn .
A young boy in a red jacket and a young girl in a pink jacket are climbing stairs .
The boy in the red top is following the girl in the colorful dress up a flight of stairs .
Two kids climb the stairs
Two young children climbing stairs and seen from the back .
Two young kids walk up some stairs .
A brown dog treads the water with something in its mouth .
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him .
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth .
A dog with golden hair swims through water .
A tan dog swims through very dark water .
A cheerful small girl dressed in a white dress with flowers runs on a grassy area with her arms in motion .
A girl in a white dress running .
A little girl is smiling , while running outside .
A young girl running on grass
A young girl wearing a dress and sandals runs in the grass .
A Japanese woman in a colorful outfit is walking with a man dressed in black past a wooden building .
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .
Two people stop on an empty city street .
Two women dressed in traditional Japanese clothing
Two women in Japanese dress walk down the street .
A man in a uniform stands next to a girl with purple hair holding a cup .
A military uniformed man with a purple accented hair female standing on concrete .
A smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair .
A woman with purple hair and a man in military regalia .
Man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair .
A black and white dog is running and splashing in water .
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing its teeth .
A dog is running through the water with its mouth wide open .
An open-mouthed dog is running through the water .
A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water .
The two young women are laughing outdoors by a tree trunk .
Two girls are posing behind a tree with big smiles .
Two girls lean around a tree , laughing .
Two girls next to a mossy tree .
Two schoolgirls peeking around a tree , and laughing .
A boy does a flip on the beach .
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach .
A man doing a back flip on the beach .
A person in midair doing a flip along the beach
A teenage boy is doing a back flip in midair on the beach .
The children are playing in the water .
Two boys shoveling in melted snow .
Two children shovel snow and melting ice .
Two kids play with plastic shovels in a snowy pond .
Two young children wearing winter coats and hats are playing in the melting snow .
A black dog in shallow water .
A black dog on a leash with a red collar has its face in the water .
A black dog sticking its nose into the water .
A black dog with red collar sticks his head in the water .
A dog with black fur has put its head underwater .
A girl in a black coat next to some school kids .
Four teenagers are standing at the foot of some steps by a brick wall .
Kids are waiting at the bottom of a staircase attached to a brick building .
Peoople stand outside a building near a street .
Teenagers congregate outside a brick building
A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth .
A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth .
A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick .
a tan dog holding a stick in his mouth .
The yellow dog is carrying a stick by water .
A brown dog is running in the water by the beach .
A brown dog jumps in the ocean .
A brown dog runs down a beach .
A brown dog wearing a collar is running through some water .
A dog running through the water .
A group of people ride horses through a wooded area .
A group of people riding horses .
A group of people riding horses in a grassy field .
A group riding horses .
A large group of people riding brown and white horses .
A man climbing up on a rock ledge .
A man climbs some rocks .
A man in black pants climbing a rock wall .
Man without shirt climbing rock face .
The man is scaling a large brown boulder .
Girls dance in colorful outfits .
The girls , standing in a spotlight , are dressed in multi-colored outfits .
Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light .
Three young girls in bright colored clothing are performing in a play .
Women in multi-colored outfits are performing on a low light stage .
A girl in a sweater is blocking the suns rays .
A person outlined by the sun
The sun is under someone 's nose .
The woman 's face falls into silhouette as she stands in front of the sun .
The woman stands outdoors in front of the sun .
a woman at a desk signing paperwork in front of another
A woman filling out some paperwork while another woman waits .
A woman signs paperwork at an event .
Several women are talking outside .
These women are filling out forms at a stand outdoors .
A girl does a side bend in the surf , another girl behind her , the sun setting .
a young girl doing gymnastics on the shore of a beach while another is walking deeper into the beach .
Two girls in swimsuits are playing in the water near the seashore .
Two girls playing on the
Two girls wade in the surf , and one shows of her flexibility .
A woman in a dress is crossing a suspended bridge .
A woman in an orange dress walking across a stone bridge with a very blue sky behind her .
A woman is carrying a child across a stone bridge .
Woman in a dress walking across a bridge .
Woman in an orange skirt walking on concrete bridge .
A child on a swing .
A girl swinging hard enough to get herself vertical .
A little girl with a white shirt and brown hair is swinging almost completely upside down in a park .
A young child swings in a park setting .
A young girl upside down on a swing set
a group of young men sing out together .
Three guys , with a guitar , yelling .
Three young men embrace and sing .
Three young men sing together while one plays the guitar .
Young people celebrate in song .
A man asleep at a desk in a library reading room .
A man falls asleep with his head on a table while listening to headphones .
a man sleeps on a desk .
A student is asleep at a populated library .
Most people are sitting at tables reading but one man looks like he 's sleeping .
dogs playing with their owner by a pond
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs .
A person dressed in jeans running with two dogs on the shore of a lake .
Two dogs run with a young child along a lake
Woman running with two dogs near water .
A dirt bike kicks up dust .
A man is driving a motorcycle in the dirt near bushes .
A man rides a dirt bike in the brush .
A person on a motorcycle is turning on a dirt track behind some bushes .
The dirt bike rider kicks up dirt as he turns .
A man in blue jumping a dirt bike .
A man on a dirt bike , airborne .
A man on a motorcycle is jumping over a dirt hill in front of spectators .
A motocross rider wearing a blue uniform flies through the air .
A person in blue on a bike in midair .
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore .
A group of people race with boats .
People in speed rafts drive in the water .
People on watercraft play in the ocean .
People riding on ski boats in the ocean .
A girl dressed in a pink sweatshirt and pink and white striped skirt plays in the waves at the beach .
A girl dressed in pink and white runs along the beach .
A girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach .
A girl in pink runs away from a wave coming onto the shore .
A girl is walking next to the small waves that crash in the ocean .
A boy is in midair doing a skateboard trick at a skate park while two women and a toddler walk behind him .
A boy wearing blue jeans is skateboarding .
A buy skateboarding at a skate park .
A skateboarder in doing a trick in a skate park .
A young man does tricks on his skateboard .
A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike .
A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle .
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike .
Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle .
The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air .
A professional wrestler falls outside the ring .
a wrestler jumps over the ropes .
Two wrestlers and a referee .
two wrestlers fighting in a rink with a referee in the backgroud
Wrestler spinning outside of the rink toward fellow wrestler .
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .
Two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty .
Two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock .
Two people stand on a dock , looking out onto a lake .
Two people stand on a dock looking out to a great lake .
A black bird is in mid-flight swooping downwards .
A blue bird flies toward the ground , surrounded by trees .
A blue bird is flying through the trees .
A grey bird is flying through the trees .
Grey-blue bird with white markings on neck and wings in flight .
A white car and a yellow car race down the track .
a white race car racing a yellow car .
A yellow and white car driving on a track next to each other while spectators and cars can be seen in the background .
Two cars race down a track .
Two race cars on a road in front of a grassy parking area .
A person skateboarding down the sidewalk wearing mostly black .
A young man riding a skateboard and carrying large bags .
A young man with a large black portfolio is skateboarding on the sidewalk .
The man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard .
The person on a skateboard is carrying several bags of different sizes and shapes .
A boy wearing skates sliding down concrete railing of steps near a pole .
A man is rollerblading down a wall beside some steps .
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps .
A man on Rollerblades grinding down a concrete handrail .
A young man navigates a sloped wall with inline skates .
A car is driven on a dusty track .
A race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
a red and white rally car throws up dust behind it as drives away down the trail .
The car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
Two dogs are fighting over something .
two dogs doing a tug of war on a black object
Two dogs fight over a stick on a grassy field , a lake in the background .
Two dogs meeting near the water 's edge
Two dogs , one tan and one black , play tug-o-war on the grass near the pond .
A baby laughs .
a double exposure of a laughing baby with curly blonde hair and a flowery curtain
A small child with curly hair is being held by an adult .
Someone is holding a naked baby that is laughing .
The baby enjoys taking its bath .
A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees .
a fluffy brown , white and black running on a path
A fluffy Sheltie is trotting along a path .
A Sheltie runs through the forest with his tongue out , mouth open .
A white , black , and brown dog walks down a path in a forested area .
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track .
A Special Olympics contestant runs on a racetrack .
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt runs along a red track .
Special Olympics woman runner on the track .
A man and a brown dog in motion in the grass .
A man is interacting with a dog that is running past him .
A man is training his dog in the field near the homes .
A man is using a ball-thrower to throw an object to his dog .
A man throwing an object at a dog who is running away .
A boy plays soccer in a field near an apartment building .
A boy prepares to kick a goal shot
A boy runs toward the soccer ball to kick it .
An action shot of a young boy about to kick a soccer ball .
A soccer player runs for a soccer ball .
Business women walk outside .
Smartly dressed Asian women are passing by a doorway in the street .
Three women in business wear walk across a courtyard .
Three women in dress suits walk by a building .
Two women wearing dresses are walking by a building .
A bicycler rides his bike on the road next to rocks with snow .
A bicyclist rides down the road near snow .
A man in yellow jacket rides a bike .
A person wearing a yellow coat rides a bike past some snowy rocks .
The bicycle rider is wearing a yellow jacket and a blue helmet while riding on a road during winter time .
A flower girl and ring bearer watch the flower petals hit the grass .
A flower girl drops petals while the ring bearer watches .
A little girl and boy after a wedding in a field
A young girl in a yellow dress and a small boy in a white suit .
There is a young girl in a yellow dress and a young boy in a white suit standing in a field of grass .
A dog being held by a harness on a waterboard over splashing water with a tube structure in the background .
A man dropping from a rope into the ocean on a board .
A man is suspended above water while holding a large ski that is shaped like a skateboard .
A water boarder being towed during a jump .
Waterskier jumps off the water 's surface , unknown structure in background .
A big light brown dog runs on the green grass .
A brown dog is running through green grass .
A yellow dog running across a lush green lawn .
A yellow dog runs through green grass .
Long haired dog running on a lawn
A boy coming out of the pool .
A man and a boy are in the swimming pool .
Father and son swimming .
Man and boy are swimming in a pool .
The man and child are swimming .
A boy is cliff jumping into the ocean .
A man is jumping from a rock into the ocean while others are watching .
A man jumping off a cliff into water .
A man jumping off of a large rock into the ocean
A person jumps off of a cliff into the water below as others watch .
A girl sitting on a trampoline tosses an empty water bottle in the air .
A girl sitting on a trampoline tossing a water bottle in the air
A lady is sitting on a small trampoline and is tossing a water bottle .
A woman sitting on a mini trampoline tossing a water bottle in the air .
A young lady is wearing bright pink sunglasses and sitting on a small trampoline .
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean .
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean .
Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean .
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
Men , one walking , and one sitting balanced on a shaft .
One boys sits on a giant mortar gun as another boy walks toward him .
Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields .
Two people are on top of a cannon .
Two people are walking along a long cannon on a tank .
A black dog and two brown and white dogs are romping in the mud .
The three dogs play in the sand .
Three dogs are playing in a field .
Three dogs are playing rough in a sandy field .
Three dogs chase and wrestle together on a dirt field .
A group of kids and two adults stand before a graffiti wall .
a group of people standing in front of a graffitied wall
Six individuals of varying ages stand in front of a stone wall covered in graffiti .
Six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti .
Some young boys pose with a man and woman by some graffiti .
A skater woman in a white shirt is skating along a track while others watch .
A woman in a grey uniform participates in roller derby .
A woman wearing a helmet is in a rollerskating competition .
A woman with a gray helmet and black safety pads skates past the photographer .
The athlete is wearing protective gear .
A man with a shaved head and something in his mouth is holding on to a red rope .
A man with a shaved head stands in a river and holds onto a rope .
A person is in swirling water and holding onto a rope .
A woman holding a rope against a river current .
Guy with something in his mouth in rushing water holding red and white striped rope
A long haired mail is swinging his wet hair around in the ocean .
A long haired man in the water is swinging his head causing the water to spray in a spiral .
A man wading in a lake dips his long hair into the water and quickly throws his head back making a brief rainbow of water overhear .
A person in the water .
A woman flips her hair full of water and sprays the water all around .
A black and a black dog are running .
A black and white dog chases a bigger dog across the grass .
One dog chases another in the grass .
Two brindle dogs running in the grass .
Two dogs run through the grass .
A baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches .
A baseball pitcher on the mound leaning into his pitch .
A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game
A pitcher with a red shirt is throwing a ball and his teammate is waiting to catch near a base .
Baseball is being played by two men in red jerseys by a " pepco " sign .
An elderly middle-eastern woman is about to smoke a pack of cigarettes .
A middle Eastern woman wearing green is sitting on a stone step holding a box of cigarettes .
A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton .
A woman wearing a long green dress and scarves on her head holding a pack of cigarettes and a carton of Winston cigarettes by a stone structure .
Woman with red headscarf and green dress holding cigarette carton and sitting on concrete steps .
A crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing .
A group of people dressed in festive outfits is gathered outside building .
many woman wearing yellow stand in the street .
People dressed in bright costumes of white and yellow feathers
People wearing colorful costumes and headresses march through the streets .
A horse jockey is riding on a course .
A woman on a horse .
A woman on a racing horse .
girl with helmet riding a brown horse
The rider of the brown horse is wearing a blue shirt .
A boy is playing on a green swing in front of a wooden barn .
A boys swings on a green swing outside a old wooden structure .
A young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn .
A young boy swings alongside an old wooden building .
The boy swings next to the barn .
A flock of birds flying over a shoreline .
A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach .
A flock of seagulls flying at the beach .
A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach .
A group of white birds take flight while one black bird stands on the sand .
A group of children are playing on swings .
A shirtless man is standing next to two children balancing on a swing .
A topless man passes four children who are playing on a swing .
Kids are playing on a swing set as a man with no shirt on walks by .
Two boys swing standing up on a yellow swing set
A man leads the way on his bike while two others follow in the distance .
Several bicyclists are riding though a wooded area .
Three cyclists ride through cordoned pathway near woods .
Three men fight the forest terrain on their mountain bikes .
Three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods .
A group of boys play basketball together .
Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
These people are playing basketball outdoors .
two men playing basketball under a blue sky
A blue plane does loops as it heads down to earth .
A blue , red , and yellow airplane is flying through the air .
A blue , red , and yellow plane does a loop in the air .
A colorful aerobatic plane leaves a coiled trail of smoke behind it .
A plane doing tricks in the air , leaving a smoke trail behind the plane .
A white dog and a black and white dog are playing while two more black dogs move towards them .
A white dog , two black dogs , and a black and white dog are playing on the edge of a baseball field .
The dogs are playing at the baseball field .
The dogs are running on the grass , near a baseball field .
The dogs run and play on the baseball field .
A boy skateboarding
A man jumps off an orange ramp with his skateboard .
a skateboarder ollies off a ramp .
Person doing a skateboard stunt
The man in the background is watching the skateboarder complete a jump .
A pile of dogs sleep on a blue dog bed .
Four puppies sleeping on a blue blanket .
Four spotted puppies take a nap .
Four white and brown puppies are sleeping together on a blue blanket .
four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket .
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle .
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle .
Three puppies laying on a couch with a bottle of milk , one with its mouth wide open .
Three puppies on a couch next to a bottle of milk .
Three puppies play on a couch .
Two collies are barking as they play on the edge of the ocean
Two dogs are jumping on an empty beach with waves .
Two dogs playing on the beach .
Two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them .
two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach with the ocean behind them .
A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them .
Three dogs run on beach , two playing with unknown object .
Two large white dogs and one large tan dog in a red collar run along a beach .
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .
Two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach .
A boy in the air trying to dodge a ball thrown at him .
A group of kids playing dodgeball .
Four people are kicking a soccer ball in a basketball court .
Four people playing ball on a court .
Four school aged kids are playing dodgeball in the gym
Two girls dressed in costume with purple flowers in their hair strike a pose for the camera .
Two showgirls are posing together .
two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes .
Two women in purple and gold dance outfits are posing .
Two women in sparkling bikinis are posing
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle .
A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles .
A young girl with a pink coat walks through a shallow puddle of water .
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle .
A man in a black hat reaches into a box .
A man in a black hat touches a cardboard box .
A man in a black hat , with a cardboard box .
A man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box .
The man is opening a box .
Two children rolling down a grassy hill
Two people laying in the grass with legs above the ground and a building in the background .
two people rolling down a grassy hill
Two people tumble down a grassy hill .
Two young boys roll down a grassy hill .
A dog is swimming through deep water near several ducks .
a dog swimming in some water where there are some ducks swimming also
A dog swims in deep water near three ducks .
a dog swims near ducks .
Three ducks and a dog swim in a lake .
a boy runs through the puddle .
A boy splashing in a puddle .
A young boy is running through a large puddle outside .
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water .
Young boy playing in the water .
The boxer wearing black gloves is kicking the boxer who is wearing grey gloves .
Two men are kickboxing .
Two men are kick boxing in a kick boxing ring .
Two men kick boxing .
Two MMA fighters spar in a ring .
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you .
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards .
Three women in colorful costumes holding I love you signs .
Three women in costume are holding papers that say " I love you " .
Three women in elaborate costumes hold up " I Love You " cards .
A Frisbee team huddles around a Frisbee , each holding a part of it .
A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers .
A group of people put two of their fingers on a Frisbee .
people put their hands on a Frisbee .
several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
This picture shows a blond-haired boy and brown-haired boy smiling while swinging on a tire swing .
Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park .
Two child share a swing in a playground .
Two kids are swinging together on a tire swing .
Two kids enjoy a tire swing .
A boy holds the bat waiting for the pitch at a baseball game .
A little boy batting in a baseball game .
A young boy in a blue and white uniform is up to bat at a baseball game .
Boy plays baseball .
Boy wearing a blue , white , and yellow baseball uniform about to hit a ball .
A man skateboarding on the side of steps
A man slides down a railing while another shines a light on him .
A person taking a picture of someone skating down a railing at night .
A skateboarder slides down a stair rail in the dark .
a young man sliiding down a railing near some stairs
A duck flaps its wings near the water .
A duck flaps its wings out while in the water .
A giant goose is waving its wings as it comes out of the water .
A goose flaps its wings .
The large goose is flapping his wings near the water .
A man and a woman are smiling for the camera but the woman is not looking at the camera .
A man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away .
A man with his arm around a woman .
A smiling man with his arm around a smiling woman .
The brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture .
A man is playing with a dog in some water .
A person plays with their dog in a shallow pond .
A wet dog and person in a marsh .
There is person standing in water and playing with a dog .
The white dog in front of the person standing in the water is jumping up .
A brown dog digs in the sand .
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
a brown dog with a brown collar digging in the sand
A brown dog with a brown collar digs sand .
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
a man dressed as an Indian , speaking into a microphone
A native american stands at a microphone ready to play his instrument .
An Indian chief in full dress .
Indian wearing headgear speaks
The man dressed liked an indian wearing feathers is standing in front of the microphone .
A native American band plays instruments under a tent .
Indians in native dress with instruments under shelter dancing .
People in Native American costumes performing , banner in background .
Some musicians dressed in native American costume are playing traditional instruments .
Three Indians are dancing and playing musical instruments .
A child plays on playground equipment .
A girl is hanging on a metal bar in a park .
A happy child dangling from playground equipment smiles at the camera .
A little girl in a sweatshirt jacket holding on to a bar .
Child in grey sweatshirt hanging from metal bar
A man in a white tank hits a jump with his red BMX bicycle .
a man is making a red and black bicycle jump in a city skate park .
A man wearing a white tank top is riding a red bike along a jump .
A young man jumps a bicycle off a sloped wall over a bench .
Cyclist riding on a cement slope .
A man wearing no shirt and a hat jumps in the air on a red bicycle .
A man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle .
A man wearing very little clothing is doing a jump on a red bicycle .
A shirtless man jumping a bike in the woods .
A shirtless man jumps his bmx bike .
A racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind .
dirt bike racing one guy on ground
There is one person on a motorcycle and one person who has fallen on the ground .
There is one person on a racing motorcycle and one person on the ground .
Two motorcycle racers on a track , one without his motorcycle .
A group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
cowgirls waving the United States flag and the Canada flag
Several people on horseback carrying flags .
Two women riding horses , carrying the American and Canadian flags at a rodeo .
Women are riding horses in an arena carrying the flags of Canada and the United States .
A boy and a man dressed as rodeo clowns standing in sand
A rodeo clown ties a rope around an older rodeo clown as he sits in the dirt .
Two rodeo clowns are looking at something in the distance .
Two rodeo clowns are on the dirt .
Two rodeo clowns , one young and one an adult , waiting their ques .
A bull is tossing a rider off him while several other cowboys try to restrain it .
A man is being thrown off a bull during a rodeo .
Four men in a rodeo with a bull bucking
Man in purple shirt falls off bulls head .
Three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo .
A woman is outside playing the guitar .
A woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass .
a woman with a nylon stringed guitar is playing in a field
A young woman lifts her voice in song in a field near an old wooden structure .
The girl plays a guitar while singing in a rural scene .
A family is looking through binocular at a city over a body of water
Sightseers look across the water at a city .
Three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope .
Three people lean against a railing and look at buildings across the water .
Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water .
A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .
A man and a dog are standing on a tree that has fallen over to the ground .
A man watches his yellow dog hunt for something from on top of a fallen tree .
A man watching his dog standing on a dead tree trunk .
a tan dog climbing over a bare tree trunk with a man standing in the background
A girl in a black outfir is standing with 2 pug dogs
A person stands with two leashed pugs and wears plaid pants with a black shirt set .
A woman with a Mohawk holds the leash for two smaller pug dogs .
A woman with colorful hair walks two dogs .
A woman with purple hair has two dogs on leashes .
A boy is on a ramp with his hands down and his feet up on a skateboard .
A man on a skateboard does a trick on a ramp .
A man rides a skateboard up a ramp with his arms holding himself up .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans falling down on a skateboarding ramp .
The man is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a skateboard .
A clown holding a broom with both arms raised .
A clown in a colorful shirt and cowboy hat is raising his arms in a crowd of people .
a man dressed as a clown is performing before and audience .
A man wearing a purple hat and clown makeup is cheering to a crowd .
Clown holding broom smiles at people .
A cowboy gets kicked off a horse that is bucking
A cowboy is thrown from the horse he was riding , while the judge stands by with his hand on a yellow flag .
A man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse .
The horse is kicking up its hind legs at the cowboy whist another man stands ad watches .
Two men in western attire with a brown horse kicking into the air .
A cowboy in a white outfit just got bucked off an angry bull .
A cowboy is being thrown from a large brown bull .
A man falls off a bull at a rodeo show .
Cowboys participate in a rodeo .
Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull .
A man is roping a bull in a rodeo while others in cowboy hats watch .
A man is up in the air with one hand on a bull .
A rodeo rider gets tossed up into the air by a black bull as fellow cowboys look on .
man getting thrown in the air while bull riding
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .
A dog leaps through a snowy field .
A dog runs through snow covered ground , near a tree .
A dog runs through snow with a big tree in the distance .
Dog races through grass by lone tree .
The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .
A man in fancy clothing plays a guitar on a stage .
A man playing a guitar under the lights with other people in the background .
A woman plays guitar by a round light .
Man playing guitar in a dark room .
The man played guitar in the band .
A man in a white shirt swinging a stick
A man in a white shirt walks in the tall grass holding a stick .
A man is walking in a field carrying a stick .
A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
Man near golf course preparing to throw a stick
A man falling off of his surfboard .
A man in a black wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave .
A surfer in a wetsuit balances on his board amidst ocean spray .
Surfer leaning back on surfboard .
This man is wearing a wetsuit and riding a surfboard .
A collage of stop-action surfing pictures .
A man surfing in rough water
A surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer .
The man on the brown surfboard has created a large splash that soaks the two other surfers standing by .
Three people are surfing and splashing in some water .
A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog along dirt .
The two dogs are running into the woods .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
A group of hockey players and one official stand on the ice during a game .
Referee on left interrupts hockey match
Several hockey players from different teams and a referee are together on the ice .
Several hockey players standing and skating near the goal .
There is an ice hockey game , with players and a ref near one of the goals .
A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic .
A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle .
A woman walking down the side of a highway .
A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic .
A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street .
A bird flies through the air with wings extended .
A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .
An eagle flies through the air .
An eagle swoops down low almost to the ground .
The eagle is flying low to the ground .
a man falls out of his kayak .
A man is falling out of his kayak as his paddles go flying .
Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat .
The man falls into the water while his paddle flies and his kayak tips .
The man threw his paddle in the air and fell out of the boat and into the water .
A biker moving quickly past trees .
A guy is on his bicycle .
A man rides his bike through the woods .
A man with a shaved head riding a mountain bike .
The man has a goatee and wear black gloves while riding a bike .
Two asian children standing on cement .
Two children smile .
Two children wearing colorful pullovers are walking next to each other .
Two children with adults in the background .
Two young boys smile and walk outside .
A black dog leaps in the air while playing outside .
A small black and white dog jumps with red plastic fence in background .
A small black dog in midair .
a small black dog jumps over a bar .
A small , black dog jumps through the air while a person beckons it .
A little boy jumps into the mans arms .
A young boy in a baseball cap jumps into the arms of a man wearing a blue shirt .
A young boy in a blue shirt and cap is jumping into a man 's arms .
A young boy jumping from a height into the arms of an man .
The young boy jumps into the man 's arms .
A man and a woman holding cups with another man nearby .
A woman stands next to a man in a hat holding a cup standing next to another man in a yellow hat .
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside .
Three young adults holding plastic cups .
Three young people drink beer at an outdoor party .
two asian girl with pink jackets standing by a tree
Two girls in pink coats drink from soda bottles and lean on a tree .
Two girls in pink jackets stand by a tree with water bottles .
Two girls stand by a tree , one holds a bottle cap .
Two young girls in purple are leaning against a large tree .
A dog catching a ball .
A dog jumping up in the air next to a white house .
A white dog is standing on its hind legs with a ball in its mouth .
A yellow dog stands on his hind legs .
Yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth , building in background .
A brown dog is running on a rock .
A brown dog running .
A brown dog running across a flat rock .
A brown dog runs in the woods with a serious look on its face .
A reddish brown dog running .
Children are playing soccer , while an adult looks on .
Children dressed in green and yellow soccer uniforms run after a soccer ball
Three children in neon colors play soccer while young man watches
Three children wearing soccer uniforms chase after a blue and grey soccer ball .
Three child soccer players go for the ball .
A jogger wears a robot hat .
A man jogs in a long distant race in a robot costume .
A man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head .
A man with no shirt and a robot head runs in a race .
The shirtless male marathon runner is wearing a backpack and a silver robot looking helmet on his head .
A guy racing his motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle is racing at a track .
A motorcycle goes by a crowd with its rear wheel in the air .
Person riding a racing motorcycle while other people watch .
Spectators watching a motorcyclist ground around a track .
A group of people appear to be tilling the ground in from of a couple of thatch roof huts .
A team of workers breaks up stone on the ground .
Several men with gardening tools are working the soil .
The men are using hoes to break the soil .
Workers in front of thatched homes breaking up dirt with hoes .
A boy is doing a skateboarding trick in the air .
A boy jumps high above his skateboard near a sign .
Boy jumping skateboard beside sign and pink flowers
He is skateboarding .
The boy in black is skateboarding in the air in front of the flowers and a white and blue sign .
A boy dunks a basketball .
A boy dunks a basketball on a low hoop by the road .
A boy jumps up to make a basket in a basketball hoop .
A boy with a basketball , leaping for the goal .
The teenage boy is dunking a basketball in a hoop .
A girl 's hands , another person 's feet , and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table .
A picture of a group of peoples ' feet .
The legs and feet of people sitting on a wooden table , two cameras and cigarettes on it .
Three people are sitting on a picnic table along with two cameras and a drum .
Three people sit on a bench .
The children are near a large pile of sand that is next to the water .
The two boys are playing in wet sand .
Two boys play in the sand
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water .
Two young boys sitting in water and digging in the sand .
Group of people waiting in line at an ice cream stand .
Group outside of ice cream place , decorated with giant cone , two innertubes .
Guys gathered outside an ice cream store on a sunny day .
People outside an ice cream shop that has summer decorations for sale .
People standing outside of an ice cream stand
The girl has a white shirt and a purple item in her hand .
The lady is holding a purple ribbon .
Three asian woman wearing white .
Three girls are posing in elegant outfits nearby a tree and a building .
Two woman stand together and one holds a purple cloth .
A brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers .
A brown dog running at a lean across a lawn .
A brown dog runs through a field of grass spotted with yellow flowers
The brown dog runs through the field .
The tan and white dog is running in the field .
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape .
A black dog is running gover rocky ground under a cloudy blue sky .
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain .
A black dog walks through a rocky , grassy landscape under a blue , cloudy sky .
A dog on rocky terrain
A kayaker gets wet in the rapids .
A kayaker in a green boat paddles through the rapids .
A man in black with a helmet is water rafting in a green canoe .
One man in a green kayak paddling through the water .
This man is kayaking in whitewater .
The two girls are in the water and one has a white shirt on .
Two girls playing in waves .
Two girls play in the surf .
Two laughing children play in the waves .
Two small girls laugh as a wave hits them at the beach .
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers .
A sumo wrestler accepting an award .
Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone .
Young sumo wrestlers stand before a man reading from an official-looking document .
A boy punching with a spray of snow .
A lean young man in the mountains , throwing snow .
A shirtless boy punches snow .
A shirtless young man punches snow as if he was selling perfume .
A young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on .
A dog runs overtop the dry earth .
A white dog runs along the beach 's shore .
A white dog with a brown patch on his eye , is running on a dirt path .
A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path
The white dog ran down the dusty road .
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .
A dog running on a trail in the mountains .
The brown dog is walking along the dirt path with beautiful mountains behind him .
Yellow dog is running up a trail .
A garden shop is being perused by shoppers with a sitting shop owner waving .
A man waves to the camera from inside a greenhouse section of a farm products store .
a man wearing a grey shirt waving in the middle of a plant nursery
People browse for herbs at a greenhouse .
Racks of plants at the farm products store .
A man is skateboarding on a ramp in the dark .
A person on a skateboard is in the air while performing a skateboarding trick .
A skateboarder does a trick on the coping of a bowl .
A skateboarder gets to the top of a ramp .
A skateboarder grinds a curved bowl at night .
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field .
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team .
Three men wearing the same black and yellow uniform are blocking another man in a red uniform .
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground .
three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red to the ground .
A man dressed in a yellow sports uniform and another man dressed in a red and white sports uniform holding sticks with a ball floating between them .
The hockey player in yellow is challenging the player in red for the ball .
Two field hockey players attempt to hit a ball with their sticks .
Two men in different colored jerseys play hockey .
Two men playing field hockey
A man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object .
A man leaning on a pole .
A man wearing a baseball cap leaning against a post .
The man is leaning against a tree .
The man is standing outside next to a wooden phone pole .
A group of race horses run down a track carrying jockeys .
A horse race .
Jockeys on horses during a race .
The horses race on the dirt track while their riders urge them on .
There are riders and horses in a horse race , going around a track .
A man and a woman kissing .
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people .
a man is kissing a woman .
A young couple kiss while a crowd mills in the background on a sunny day .
Two people kiss near a crowd .
A man racing on a motorbike
A motorcycle rider drives fast around a curve on a track .
A person wearing a red and white uniform is racing a motorcycle with the number 58 on it .
A red and white motorcycle is being ridden around a bend on a racetrack .
Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track .
a man leans against a large robot .
Two men are standing under a large work of art by a brick building .
Two men are standing under what looks to be a giant robot .
Two men standing at the feet of a large sculpture .
Two men standing near a metal structure in from of a brick wall .
A biker makes a high jump .
A man doing an aerial stunt on a bike .
A man on a bicycle performing a jump .
A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps , soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake .
The cyclist is making a high jump with his bike .
A black dog in water .
A black dog standing in a shallow area of water on a rocky beach .
A dog stands in a tide pool
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
A small black dog plays in the water .
A child uses a camera as another child looks on .
A little girl is standing next to another little girl who is taking a photograph .
A small boy and small girl setting up a camera
Child taking a picture while sister leans on the wall .
One child behind a camera on a tripod with one child in a beige shirt and black shorts standing against the wall .
A baseball pitcher with Shelton on his shirt throws the ball .
A baseball player in a black and orange shirt , and with a glove on , pitches the ball .
A male dressed in a sports outfit tries to catch a baseball .
A man playing baseball .
The baseball player is running after the ball .
A goalie blocks the puck in a field hockey game .
a goalie makes an amazing save .
A group of men playing Lacrosse at night .
Five men playing a sport on a field with multicolored shirts on .
The hockey goalkeeper is reaching out for the ball .
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .
A black dog is holding an orange toy in its mouth in the water .
A black dog is in the water with something orange in his mouth .
A black lab puppy fetches an orange object out of the water .
A wet dog , playing with a toy in the water .
A blue motorcycle and sidecar is being raced on a wet track .
A man races in a small vehicle while another man hangs off the back .
a racer in a blue car towing a man in a black suit on the street
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back .
Two people on a blue motorcycle .
A man with headphones has his mouth wide open while a woman stands next to him .
an excited couple reaching for a large black set of earphones
A woman and a man are amused by headphones .
Man and woman looking surprised , with the man holding headphones .
Man looking very exciting holding headphones standing outside next to a woman .
A group of people dancing together .
People are dancing around while wearing multiple colored and varied clothing .
People in colorful hats and shirt dance outside
People in hats are outside .
Two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces .
A man and a woman about to kiss each other .
A woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby .
A woman is leaning back into a man 's arms as they look each other in the face .
Guy Kisses girl
The blond man is dancing with a woman outside .
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person .
A man is lying in the grass with his arms outstretched .
A man , lying on the grass , hand outstretched to another arm .
a man on the ground stretches his hands out to another person .
A man reaching for someone on the grass .
A man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
People in a colorful , outdoor market with fruits , vegetables and flowers .
Person in blue stand by flowers in open air market while another person with a cane walks the path
Several people shopping at an outdoors market .
Shoppers in a fruit and vegetables market looking around .
A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
Black dog swims behind two people on an inflatable blue raft .
Two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy .
Two people swimming in water with a black dog trailing behind them .
Two people swimming on a floating while a black dog follows .
Children , one with a stick , and six petting a dog with a blue leash .
A group of children are petting a white dog on the grass .
A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside .
a group of children playing with a dog
Group of children surround and pet white dog with blue collar on grass .
A big dog barking at a small dog through a fence .
A brown and white dog barking through the fence at smaller black and white dog .
The big dog is looking through the fence at the small dog .
The larger dog is barking at the smaller dog .
Two dogs fighting with a fence between them .
A boy with a beach ball behind him playing in a pool
A young boy plays around in a jacuzzi .
Children play in an inflatable pool .
The boy laughed as he swam in the pool .
Two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby .
A bicyclist jumps their bike while a crowd spread across a hillside watches .
A dirt biker competes while onlookers watch .
A man in a white jacket and helmet does tricks on his bike .
A man is performing a midair stunt on a dirt bike while people in the background watch .
A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch .
The orange rescue boat rushes across the water .
two men in an orange boat ride across the water .
two men in an orange raft boat
Two men in life jackets speed through the water in an orange motorboat .
Two men ride an orange raft to shore .
A man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach .
A man pushes a baby in a carriage on the beach .
A man pushing a baby stroller at the beach , a woman with a little boy ahead .
Fat man on the beach with a stroller .
Man in drooping swim trunks pushing baby stroller along edge of beach .
A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard .
A man in a green shirt on a half pipe , doing a skateboard stunt .
A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches .
A skateboard is sideways in the air .
a skateboarder wearing a green shirt and jumping in the air
a race car spinning out of control on a racetrack .
A race car spins on the track .
A silver and black race car turns sideways and blows smoke out the back of the car .
A silver car goes out of control on a racetrack .
The grey car skidded down the track .
A man in blue goggles is in the swimming pool .
A man with a blue , yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming .
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool .
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles .
A black and white dog has a red toy in his mouth and is jumping .
A dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth .
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .
A dog with a red toy in its mouth .
dog with something red in mouth
Three black dogs wearing muzzles race through the green grass .
Three dogs leaping up in the air as they compete in a race .
Three dogs wearing vest are running on the green grass .
Three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass .
Three muzzled black dogs race through the grass .
A BMX racer comes down a hill ; everything around him is a blur
A dirt biker rides down a trail .
A man in blue is riding a bicycle on a track .
A mountain biker is giong down a hill on his bike .
A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time .
A guy with sunglasses stands on a skateboard in front of a circle design wall .
A man is skateboarding on asphalt while the sun beams over a wall .
A man on a skateboard
A young man skateboards in black shoes , black pants , and a white top with sunglasses .
Skateboarder wearing shades in front of a wall that looks like fishscales .
A man is playing fetch with a dog .
a man with tatoos playing fetch with a white dog with a black ear
A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick .
A white dog jumps in the air after a stick .
The white dog jumps for an object thrown by his master .
The girl with red sunglasses and a white shirt is sitting on a bench next to the girl in the black tank top .
Two people on a bench sitting in the shade .
Two people sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
Two women on a bench .
Two women , one in white , one in black , are sitting on a bench .
A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river .
A man is climbing a steep and rocky cliff overlooking water .
A man is climbing on rocks by the water .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A man rock climbing at the ocean .
a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background
Two dogs are running through a small pond
Two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash .
Two dogs run through the water near trees .
Two dogs standing in a lake .
A group of children play in the grass at a park .
Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors .
Kids playing on a lawn with a flag and parking lot nearby .
Three children are playing with balls near to an American flag .
Three kids playing with balls on a lawn
a man holding puppies
A man holds two puppies .
A person is holding two newborn puppies .
Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands .
Two white newborn puppies being held by hands .
A little boy and a woman dancing .
A man in a dance studio holds the hand of a boy , teaching him to dance .
Group of people teach a little boy in a red shirt and sneakers how to dance .
The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on .
Two adults dancing with a little boy while another person standing in the background .
a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
A family poses seated on concrete steps .
A family sits for a picture on a staircase outside .
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside .
A group of people sit on the cement steps in the woods and smile .
These five people are seated on steps outdoors .
A boy holds a soccer ball while he stands next to a running track .
A boy is outside holding a red and blue soccer ball .
a young boy carrying a large soccer ball with a soccer feild in the background
A young boy in a green shirt is holding a red and blue soccer ball .
There is a young kid , dressed up in a soccer uniform , holding his ball .
A boy hits a ball , with a bat , outside , while others in the background watch him .
A man hitting a red ball with a bat while running in grass .
A young man hitting a ball with a bat .
Boy plays baseball in a grass field .
man playing cricket , hits the red ball .
A large dog looks at a smaller dog who is chewing a blue rope .
A large dog watching a small dog
A small dog chews on a blue shoe next to a large dog .
The brown dog is watching the white dog chewing the blue string .
The large dog watches the small one play with rope .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the sun 's reflection .
A dog is wading in the water .
A dog wading into the water
A dog walking through the pound .
The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water .
A man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light .
A man jumps towards a light with a white tarp behind him .
A person falls through the air in a room , with a step ladder in it .
Person jumps toward light in photo studio .
There is a person in jeans and sneakers jumping off the ground towards a large white light .
a man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall .
A man in grey sits and watches a waterfall from a rock .
A man sits watching a waterfall .
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .
A woman sits staring at a waterfall .
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape .
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert .
A man hiking with a large backpack and two poles near a collection of pointy white rocks .
A man with a backpack looks upon white objects on the ground .
Person hiking up a rocky slope with white objects in front of them .
A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery .
A woman with a large silver bag stands at a food counter .
A woman with a silver bag buying food .
A woman with a silver handbag waits in line at the lunch counter .
A woman with a silver shoulderbag is looking in a grocery display case .
A man in bright shorts hits a volleyball in the sand .
A man in colourful shorts reaching up to hit a volleyball .
a man on the sand wearing blue , pink and yellow shorts
A shirtless man in colorful shorts spikes a volleyball during a beach volleyball game .
The young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach .
people are getting ready to set sail on a boat
People on a boat carrying equipment .
Three men prepare to set sail on a sailboat .
Three people are organizing diving equipment on the deck of a boat .
Three people riding on a blue and white boat .
A boy carries a boogieboard on the beach .
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand .
A boy standing on a beach .
A kid in black carrying a cushion .
A young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand .
A man is on the back of his friend .
a man jumps on another mans back .
The guys in white shirts horse around near a park .
Two men do trick in a park .
Two teenagers are playing wrestling game in the park .
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
A man holding up another with his back .
A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over
one man in a hat flips over another mans back in the grass .
Two people play outdoors .
Two men dressed in street clothes horse around in front of a building .
Two men jump around together outside of a building .
Two men jumping outside on the grass .
Two young men goofing around on the grass in front the of union building .
Two young men in sportswear are running and jumping on the grass by a brick building .
A boy looks startled as he falls in the sand .
A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest .
A young boy falls back with his mouth open when sand is falling on him .
a young boy getting some sand thrown on his chest .
The boy is playing in the sand .
A man grinding down a handrail .
A man is skating down a rail in front of a group of people .
In the far distance , a boy is sliding his skateboard down a handrail .
Some skateboarders on stairs .
The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps .
An opposing wrestler is jumping off the top ropes onto another wrestler .
A wrestler is jumping off of the ring to hit his competitor .
A wrestler is ready to jump on another wrestler outside the ring .
One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring .
Two men are wrestling .
A group of players chase a ball on a field .
A group of young men playing a field sport .
Three young men play hockey on green astro turf .
Three young men with lacrosse sticks are chasing the ball .
Young men from two Japanese-sponsored teams play a game of indoor field hockey .
A baby reaches for water dropping
A small boy in the bath covered in soap suds .
A young toddler plays in the bathtub with bubbles and suds .
The smiling child has bubbles near their ear .
The toddler is splashing water in the tub with suds all over .
A group of bohemians stroll down the street , one with a shopping cart .
A group of four people prance away from the camera , one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping alongside .
A group of young people walk down a residential street , one pushing a grocery cart .
Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart .
Four young people walk down a sunny street , one pushing a shopping cart
A dog plays in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
A dog swims in the water .
A tan dog splashes as he swims through the water .
the dog is somehow causing a wave in the water .
A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain .
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard .
Little boy doing tricks on a skateboard on the sidewalk .
The boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air .
There is a kid doing tricks on a skateboard in a rural area .
A man rides a silver and red motorcycle .
A motocross driver speeds by during a race .
A motorcycle racer in a soft turn on an HP branded motorcycle .
A person is riding a red motorcycle around a track .
A uniformed rider is riding an endorsement-covered motorcycle .
A cyclist sits on some steps with his bike .
A helmeted man sits on steps with graffiti on them , and a bike nearby .
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
Man with a bike sitting next to rubble .
A collection of women sitting on the ground .
A group of women in native garb sit on the floor .
A woman with scarves in her head sits with 3 others staring at the camera with no expression .
Five people sitting down .
Woman with blue robe and headwear is sitting with other women .
A black dog runs across the water at a beach while another follows .
A pair of black dogs runs in the surf .
Dogs run in the surf .
The black dog is running through the water on the beach .
Two black dogs splash through the waves on a beach .
A boy skateboards off a ramp covered in graffiti .
A male skateboarder is skating in a vandalized skate park .
A man does a jump on a skateboard , surrounded by graffiti .
A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .
A skateboarder skates down stairs covered in graffiti .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
A brown and white dog running in a field covered in yellow flowers .
A dog running toward the camera in a field .
A while dog with a spot on his eye running through a meadow .
A white dog with a brown patch over his eye runs through a grassy field covered in dandelions .
A group of players on a team are posing together .
a soccer team poses for a picture .
A soccer team wearing red posing together .
A sports team poses on the field .
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background .
A group of women are standing in front of a building .
A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up , one points across the street .
Five women in dresses , one holding a child , stand outside .
Four women and a bride stand on a street while one of them points at something in the distance .
Old lady with black dress and hat points out something to bride .
A girl in black hat holding an african american baby .
A lady with a black hat holds a little girl with a crown of flowers .
A woman holding a baby after a wedding
A young woman holds a baby with flowers on its head .
The red hair woman wearing a black tartan hat holds a baby with flowers on her head .
A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up .
Children climb a tree .
Children posing in a tree
Eight tan children making faces in a tree
Several children are in a tree , laughing and with their hands on their chins .
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background
A man in orange pants is climbing on something .
A snowboarder jumps off an old , snow-covered building .
Someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building .
The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height .
A man sits on a deck , taking a break from fishing .
A man sits on the edge of a brige , looking out , fishing poles behind him .
A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him .
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles .
The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles .
A BMX biker riding down a muddy trail wearing protective gear .
A man in black wearing a helmet on a mountain bike travelling very fast .
A man rides his dirt bike through the woods .
A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods .
A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest .
a horses with five jockeys and five horses
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race .
Jockeys on horses race around a track .
Jockeys ride horses during a race .
The people are racing horses .
A woman and a young girl are standing together with arms outstretched .
A woman in a skirt and green t-shirt has her arm draped over the shoulder of a younger woman in a white skirt and orange t-shirt .
A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
Two girls are standing together , posing for a picture .
Two woman wearing skirts stand together and smile .
A jockey in yellow and a jockey in blue are racing their horses down a grassy raceway .
The jockey wearing a yellow hat edges out the jockey wearing blue .
two horses with riders , race along the track .
Two jockeys , one in yellow , one in blue , riding horses in a race .
Two jockeys race horses
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
Cyclist biking down a steep path .
Extreme downhill mountain biking .
The biker is riding down a grassy mountainside .
The man with the full face mask is riding down a grassy hill
A man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools .
People tend a greenhouse with garden tools .
Three people in a green house .
Three young adults work in a greenhouse
Two women and a man smile at the camera with rakes in their hands standing in an unfinished greenhouse .
A couple in funny wigs pose for the camera .
A couple posing in wigs
A man in blue and a woman in brown , with orange hair , are hugging .
A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs .
The woman in the orange wig poses with the man in the black wig .
A guy and white dog standing on grass .
A man and a woman walk their small dogs at an outdoor event .
A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show .
At an outdoor dog show , a very small dog jumps on an older man .
Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent .
A dog sits with a woman in an outdoor cafe .
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table
People walk and sit to eat at an outside cafe where a dog is near a woman .
The dog begs for some food at a local restaurant .
Two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl .
A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool .
a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
A black and white dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle while a person runs beside it .
A dog leaps over a hurdle , followed by its trainer .
A woman in blue running next to a black and white dog as it jumps over an obstacle .
The dog attempts to leap over the post .
a band in the studio
A group of musicians are recording music .
Three men posing with instruments .
Three musicians are posing for a photograph in a soundproof studio booth .
Three musicians in a recording studio .
A man in a wetsuit and helmet in front of a red wall .
A man in a wetsuit and helmet walks in front of a bright red building .
A man in scuba gear is walking .
A man is loaded up with gear to go diving into the ocean .
A man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear .
A white dog catches a green ball while standing in shallow water .
a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps in the water to catch a tennis ball .
a white dog jumps out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red , yellow and white pole
A dog is jumping over a gate .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
Large brown dog jumps over red hurdle
A man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it .
A skateboarder completes a jump while another man records it .
A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp as another guy takes a picture .
A skateboarder is being photographed jumping off a step .
Two young men are skateboarding at a park near a large house .
Two small children play after a swim .
A young boy and a young girl in bathing suits .
Children in bathing suits play .
Two children in swimsuits are hugging each other
Two kids in bathing suits hugging .
A dirt biker is riding through deep sand and dirt .
A guy on the motorcycle .
A person rides a motorbike in a motorcrossing event .
A person riding the number 157 dirt bike on a sandy track .
Man riding motorcycle through pile of dirt .
A night scene of a skateboarder on a ramp , with onlookers .
A skateboarder at night on a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping from a ramp .
One man is skateboarding in front of a crowd .
These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night .
A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air .
a lone bicyclist jumping a trick along a bike jumping path .
A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike .
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water .
A person on a bike rides through a dirt course near the water .
A horse and rider are jumping over a hurdle .
A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars .
An equestrian clears a jump at a horse show .
A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse .
A woman in riding attire rides a jumping horse .
A man is standing on snow with trees and mountains all around him .
A man standing in snow with a mountain in the background
A man standing near a mountain range
A man stands on a snowy hill next to a mountain .
A man stands on snow and looks out at mountains and forests .
A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
A man is standing on the shore of the ocean posing like a bird .
A person 's image performing a yoga pose while looking at the sunset over the water .
A person watching the sunset over water raises her arms .
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .
A baby in a pool splashing water in the air .
A small baby boy sits in water with his hands up , splashing water droplets .
A toddler catches droplets of water as he sits in a shallow pool .
A young boy catching a stream of water .
Baby sitting in blue plastic pool while water drips onto its hands .
A person hits a yellow volleyball over the net to her opponent in a pool .
People are playing water volleyball .
Two people play water volleyball in a pool .
Two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net .
Two swimmers in a pool play at a net with a water polo ball .
A girl has rested her bike by a bench so that she can eat and ice cream .
A girl is sitting on a bench eating ice cream with a bike next to her .
A girl with a hat is sitting outside on a table with a bike leaning against the table .
A little girl eats ice cream near her bike .
A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream .
A child does a skateboard trick off a ramp .
A long haired , bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface .
A man skateboarding up a ramp .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
A young man with long hair ramps his skateboard into the air .
A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A dog holding a baseball in his mouth .
A dog with a baseball in his mouth .
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .
The dog has a ball in its mouth .
A man and a woman wearing masks embrace at an outdoor festival .
A man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors .
two people acting out a scene in front of an audience .
Two people in masks dancing .
Two people in middle eastern garb embrace on a crowded lawn .
A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object .
A white dog running next to a bench .
The big white dog is running in the grass .
The white dog is running around in the grass .
White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
A boy wearing a white hat is running on the beach .
A child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt .
A little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand .
A small boy wearing a hat is standing in wet sand on a beach .
The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand .
A brown dog in a field .
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass .
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field .
A brown dog stands in the dry long grass and looks to the right .
The brown dog is standing in a dry grass field .
a brown dog swimming through a lake with a stick in his mouth .
A brown dog swimming with a stick .
A dog holding a stick swims in the water .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A golden dog swims with a stick in its mouth
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
A man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water .
A surfer catches a nice wave in the ocean and tries to pull himself up .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs .
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers .
A man is having his picture taken in a courtyard with people in ornamental dress .
A man photographs costumed dancers .
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers .
A man on inline-skates at a skate park
A man rollerblading on a ramp
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp .
A young man does tricks on a ramp .
Fisheye view of a man in Rollerblades grinding at the top of a ramp .
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing .
A man performs a waterskiing stunt .
a parasailer jumping a trick high in the air at a lake .
A person on a wakeboard is high above the water with a crane in the background
A waterskier high in the air above the green water .
A black and white dog is running along side a small brown or white dog in the grass .
A black dog chasing a brown one .
The dogs run in the green field .
Two dogs running through a field .
Two dogs run through a field .
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle .
a black and white dog jumping over a red , white and blue striped pole
A dog is jumping over red , white , and blue hurdles .
A grey and white dog jumps over a bar during an obstacle course .
Large black and white dog jumping hurdle
A group of dogs standing in a river .
a large group of dogs walking in a body of water .
Dogs play in creek .
Six dogs swimming in a river .
there are six dogs in the water
A man in a pink shirt is standing in a basketball court holding a basketball .
A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court .
guy holding a basketball wearing red shirt black shorts with something on left leg
Tall man in red and black stands outside holding basketball .
The man with the red shirt is holding a basketball and is in front of a basketball hoop .
People playing cricket in the park , pine trees in the back .
People playing cricket on a field .
Some adults play Cricket on a nice day .
Some men are playing cricket in front of a white building .
The men stand together out on the lawn .
A brown dog chases another brown dog who has a green ball .
Two black dogs are running in the grass , one has a green ball in his mouth .
Two brown dogs are playing with a green toy on grass .
Two brown dogs run through a field .
Two brown dogs run together .
A child with a pink headband and blue shirt smiling .
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband .
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .
Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt
A blond and a red haired woman sitting and having a drink together .
Two women are sitting down drinking a bottled beverage .
Two women drink from green bottles .
Two women drinking from green bottles as they sit .
Two women drink whilst sitting below a platform .
a dog jumps over another dog as both animals are trying to catch the same ball .
Two black and white dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs playing , one dog is jumping in the air above the second dog .
two terriers jumping after a tennis ball in a park
Two white and black dogs play and jump in a fenced area .
A group of people playing guitars and singing .
A group of people play instruments and sing .
Girl with guitar singing with three other people
There is a group of three women and one man singing while one of the woman plays a guitar .
Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone .
A crowd of people are walking down a city street .
A group a people walk around the corner near a brick building .
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building .
People gather together outdoors .
The people walk near a brick building .
A blond girl rides the waves .
A person in a black wetsuit is surfing a small wave on a beige surfboard .
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave .
Person surfboards on a wave .
The lady is surfing and riding a wave .
A little boy playing with two rubber chickens .
A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
a young redheaded boy walking in the grass .
Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens .
The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet
A man dressed in white runs away from two men chasing him dressed in black .
A man holding flowers runs from two policeman .
A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents .
A man in white runs while two officers follow .
Men in black chasing man in white .
A woman is laughing while playing guitar .
A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone .
Two smiling women in costumes standing in front of a microphone .
Two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage .
Two women stand at a microphone , and one has a guitar .
a band performs .
A blonde woman stands behind a microphone .
An old woman singing and playing music .
A woman playing guitar and singing in the foreground and three others performing behind her .
A woman singing and playing an acoustic guitar and three people accompanying her .
A black dog is in action on a grassy area .
A black dog is jumping up on its back legs while standing on the grass .
a black lab jumps into the air .
A dog rears up on its hind legs in a yard .
The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard .
A man holding a trophy after a race .
A man in a yellow cap is holding up a silver trophy .
A race car driver is holding a trophy .
A winner gets a trophy .
Man in yellow hat holding up trophy
A backlit skateboarder ollies over a parking cone .
A boy does skateboard tricks at sundown .
A man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone .
A silhouette of a skateboarder in the air .
A skateboarder in silhouette jumps over an orange traffic cone .
A black dog pulling a green rope
a black dog pulling on a green rope in the grass
A black dog tugs on a rope .
A dog pulling a rope .
The black dog is tugging at a green rope .
a group of people wear black tophats .
A group of people , most of them wearing hats , are standing around .
A man wearing a black hat is smiling on a street as other men and woman walk past .
Men in black hats are standing in a crowd of people .
Men wearing hats walk on the street .
Boy pulls other boy over back .
One boy hoists another boy up on his back .
One child lifts another on his back , inside a room .
The boy in the gray shirt is holding the boy in the red shirt on his back .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
Three dogs are running in the water on the beach .
Three dogs entering the ocean .
Three dogs rush to chase a ball thrown into the surf .
Three dogs walking away on the waters edge of the shore .
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
A woman in a black shirt and white headband stretches in the sunset .
A woman stands with her arms in the air near the water at sunset .
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise .
Woman stretching on a beach at sunset .
Young woman lifts arms in shadow , ocean and sunset in background .
The children are on a tire swing .
Three children play in a large bowl shaped swing .
Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass .
Three children riding on a large swing .
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground .
The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow .
Two dark colored dogs are walking through the grass both holding a large stick .
Two dogs retreiving a large stick of wood
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .
Two dogs walking through tall grass carrying a tree branch in their mouths .
a baseball player just taking a swing at a stadium .
A baseball player swings the bat as a catcher and umpire watch .
A batsman is about to swing for a baseball whilst the catcher and referee wait behind him .
An ump in black watches a baseball game .
The baseball player takes a swing .
a group of people are holding a metal frame over a wooden floor .
A group of people working together with a star-shaped looking metal frame .
A woman in white directs a group of young people making a pattern with sticks .
There are several people gathered around a stick or metal frame .
Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students .
A girl plays T-ball .
A little girl about to hit a baseball off a tee
A little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball .
A little girl is swinging at a baseball .
A young girl in a pink shirt gets ready to swing bat at a tee ball game
A man sits next to a woman on a bus .
The back of two people sitting on one seat in a bus .
Two people are sitting on a tram during the nighttime .
Two people are sitting on the bus at nighttime .
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean .
A surfer going through a wave .
A surfer in water and foam .
A surfer rides the crashing waves .
The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board .
a group of several people sitting on the floor inside of a building
A group of anime cosplayers sitting in a hall .
A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school .
People wearing costumes wait in a room .
The actors wait inside the doors .
a dirt biker clears a jump .
Dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps .
Dirt bikes get airborne at a racetrack .
The motorcyclist race on the course .
Two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background .
A person hangs from ropes high in the air next to a building .
A person is flying in the air with a building to the left of him .
A person suspended by a bungee cord jumps off a building .
A skydiver flies through the air near a tall building .
The bungee jumper jumps off a tall building .
A group of men with shovels are digging in salt .
Four men shovel what looks like sand .
Men shovel snow while wearing shorts .
Men with shovels shoveling white sand .
These four men , two shirtless , are shoveling sand .
A sports team is lined up outside .
Two African soccer teams posing for a picture .
Two soccer teams posing .
Two teams line up either side of a pylon , on a barren playing field
Two teams stand in a line on a field .
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
A brown dog is laying down whilst wearing a superman shirt .
A dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .
A dog wearing a t-shirt is lying down .
The brown dog with a superman shirt on sleeps on a blue blanket .
An older man sits and several people stand .
An old man in a hat sits and looks straight ahead .
An old man looks at people shopping .
an old man wearing a hat sitting staring off into the distance .
This is a profile shot of an old man in a newspaper boy hat with people blurred out in the background .
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .
a large group of people doing varied activities .
A woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera .
The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top .
Two women with backs to the camera .
A man rides his bike on the side of a rocky hill .
A person in a black backpack biking on a rocky path .
A person in purple shorts riding a bike up a mountain .
Mountain biker approaching a cliffside vista
This person is riding a BMX bike on a clifftop .
A bicyclist doing a jump .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp .
A man performs a trick on a yellow bike in a skate park covered in graffiti .
A trials biker doing a trick in the air .
The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground .
A large brown dog relaxes in a green , grassy field while a smaller light brown dog walks on .
a large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass .
A large dog lying in the grass with a smaller dog next to him .
Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field .
Two dogs laying together in grass
A curly haired woman in a plaid outfit taking a picture .
A woman taking a picture with a large professional camera .
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .
A woman with a camera with a very long lens takes a picture .
Woman with curly red hair using a telescope on the street .
children smiling with facepaintings
Three children are wearing face paint and smiling .
Three children wearing face paint pose together .
Three children with animal face pain at outdoor event .
Three kids that have their faces painted
A child dressed in a white coat paints an image on the paper laying on the table .
A child paints with different colors using brushes .
A small child fingerpaints
A small child wearing a white hat reaches for a paintbrush .
The little girl with the white hat and white shirt is painting .
A man rides his blue bike high in the air over a park .
a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair
Someone is airborne on a turquoise bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
Three women dance before a flag .
Three women dancing in robes .
Three women in dresses dancing .
Three women in saris dance near a large flag .
Three women wearing saris are dancing in front of a flag that is hanging on a wall .
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball .
Four boys kneeling next to each other with a ball in front of them .
four boys on a black top with a green and yellow basketball .
Four young boys pose with a green soccer ball in a park .
There are four smiling boys with smiles on a playground with their ball .
The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball .
Three men in uniforms are playing cricket on a field .
Three men participating in a competitive field hockey game .
Three people are chasing a ball in a field hockey game .
Two male athletes wearing the same uniforms are playing against another male athlete on the opposing team .
A boy flipping off a skateboard going down a flight of stairs
A skateboarder leaps over stairs in a city .
Boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs .
Skateboarding on stairs , with open air trick .
The skateboarder does a jump down stairs .
A girl bends down to paint something underneath her .
A girl is holding a paint brush in a plastic cup and painting the ground .
a girl paints the road .
A little girl painting the sidwalk white .
A little girl paints the ground white outside .
A baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net .
A boy whose head has been replaced by a baseball .
A Child hits a baseball into a net .
A child is throwing a baseball into a net .
A young boy with a baseball obscuring his face through a net .
A girl in hot pink leotard is leaping through the air .
A gymnast vaults through the air .
a young girl wearing a pink leotard jump in midair
Group of gymnast look on as a girl in a red bodysuit completes a stunt .
The gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping .
A person doing the backstroke in an outdoor pool .
A person swimming in a pool next to some chairs and a table .
A swimmer doing backstrokes in a pool
Person doing backstroke in pool
The person is swimming on their back in a pool .
A man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink .
A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can .
The man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer .
Two young men are at a party .
Two young men are posing for the camera .
A man and two little boys walk around the outside of what appears to be some kind of store .
Children walk in the city .
kids straggle behind father in graffiti covered alleyway
Two children follow a man down a city street .
Two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack .
Men play baseball .
Teenagers playing baseball .
The baseball player is catching a ball on the field .
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .
Two guys playing baseball .
A couple stands close at the water 's edge .
The two people stand by a body of water and in front of bushes in fall .
Two people hold each other near a pond .
Two people stand by the water .
Two people stand together on the edge of the water on the grass .
A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game .
A young baseball player sliding into a base while a dust cloud rises and the other team moves around him .
Boys playing baseball , cars parked in the background .
Five little boys are playing baseball .
Kids playing ball in the park .
A little girl is looking at the two horses on the other side of the fence .
A small child staring at a horse and a pony .
Two horses are looking at a small child .
Two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt .
Two horse stare at a young child with crumbling structures nearby .
A man doing a trick on a skateboard .
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard in a covered area .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
A young boy playing on his skateboard on a patio of an interesting building , while two people are sitting in chairs in the background .
Man doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch .
A bunch of people standing next to a car with its trunk open .
A crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front .
A group of people are standing behind a small hatchback vehicle out in the country .
A group of people gather on a gravel road near a car .
Many people are standing outside of a car on a rural road .
A boy jumps over a red and black rope at a crowded park .
A man dressed and a black shirt and pants is high jumping over a red and black pole .
A man wearing black jumps over a red and black striped pole .
A young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park .
Man in black jumps over a rope as crowd looks on .
A person is being swept to the ground by waves .
A person wipes out in the water .
A wave in the ocean crashes over a woman .
A woman has been knocked down by strong waves in the ocean
Someone with a wave rolling over them .
A pet dog , standing on bank is looking at another brown dog inside a pond .
A pug stands on the bank of a pond while a larger dog stands in the water .
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond .
One dog wades in the water while another dog is on land .
Two dogs wade in water by green vegetation .
A man holding up a big , yellow tent .
A man holding up a yellow tent .
A man holds a tent on a mountain campsite .
A person is picking up a yellow tent by his or herself in the great outdoors .
The man holds his tent up over his head .
A boy in a swing .
A boy swings on a swing set .
A child at the height of a swing .
A young boy swinging on a swing .
A young boy swings in the air .
A man swings a golf club while the person to his left waves an arm .
Man teeing off on a golf course with a large building in the background .
Two men are standing on a golf course with a large , ornate building in the background .
Two people are on a golf course playing golf .
Two people are playing golf on a golf course .
Two bald drag queens in red dresses
Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses .
Two bald ladies in red dresses and matching jewelry laugh .
Two bald people in red clothes
Two formally dressed , bald older women
A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard .
A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard .
Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall .
Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure .
A brown and white dog is jumping through a red hoop .
a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit .
A dog is jumping through a red hoop
A dog jumping through a hoop .
The collie dog is leaping through a red ring .
A mother and daughter pose in front of a waterfall .
A woman and a child are sitting on a log and stone fence with a waterfall in the background .
A woman and a girl sitting on a fence in front of a waterfall
A woman and her daughter in front of a waterfall
A woman is sitting with a girl on a fence in front of a waterfall .
Two girls point to a round silver mirror on the wall .
Two woman point at a mirror that is curved like a ball .
Two women , one with a camera , reach out and touch a mirrored ball .
Two women point to a silver object and take a picture of it .
Two women take a digital photo of a mirrored sphere .
A man in a straw hat and overalls is with a friend outdoors .
A man with overalls and a hat standing next to another man .
Man in hat and overalls with no shirt standing with man in striped shirt
The man in the striped shirt and the man in the hat are posing for the camera .
Two men posing for the camera , one in overalls , nearby a crowd of people .
A girl slides down a purple slide .
A little girl is sliding down a purple slide .
A little girl in a red shirt going down a purple slide .
A small child slides down a purple slide .
A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first .
A bridal party poses for a picture .
A wedding party stands in the church getting their picture taken .
a wedding photo of ten people with big smiles wearing black and white outfits
The bridal party poses with the bride and groom , all wearing black except for the bride .
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids , all in black .
A bride in a white dress is holding a purple bouquet whilst standing next to her groom .
A couple pose on their wedding day .
A man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture .
A wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom .
A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture .
A couple in wedding outfits watch the sea from behind a wooden railing .
A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water .
A woman in a long white bridal gown and a man in a black suit are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
A woman in a white wedding gown with gold trim standing with a man in a black suit .
The groom stands at a railing by the sea with his arm around the bride .
A man in a cowboy hat sits on bleachers near the water and plays guitar .
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake .
A man plays guitar on waterside bleachers .
An adult and a child on bleachers near the water .
Man sitting on bleachers wearing a white cowboy hat and playing a guitar
Two boys are sitting in front of a structure eating Popsicles .
Two boys eating popscicles outside .
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
Two little boys are sitting on a step eating ice lollipops .
Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles .
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach .
A black dog runs into the water at the beach .
a black dog runs through the water .
A dog running in the surf .
The dog is playing in the water .
A float depicting religious imagery .
A religious float is surrounded by people at a street festival .
People standing around a monument depicting the crucifixion of Jesus Christ .
Several people stand around an elaborate image of the crucified Jesus on a city street .
The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade .
A group of men carry a silver coffin .
Men carry a small structure on their shoulders while others play instruments behind .
Men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band .
Pall bearers at a catholic funeral .
The men are wearing purple and carrying a silver casket .
A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand .
A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park .
A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park .
A woman holding a video camera .
A young woman is standing on the grass with a video camcorder in her hand
A surfboarder catches the waves .
A surfer in a green striped wetsuit rides a wave .
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .
A surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave .
The surfer is riding the wave .
A person is doing a jump with a skateboard on a ramp .
A skateboarder does an ollie off a black ramp near a colorfully painted building .
A skateboarder in the air at a brightly colored ramp .
Skateboarder does a trick on a ramp in front of a graffiti scene .
The skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting .
A man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp
A man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti .
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Man skateboarding off of a ramp .
A girl crouched up over a swing at the park , spinning around .
A girl is kneeling on a swing at the park .
A girl with a red shirt and long brown hair is laying across a twisted swing with sand underneath .
A young girl in a red shirt swings face down on the swings .
Girl is playing at park on a swing .
A bicyclist flies through the air as he encounters a tree in his path .
A bicyclist is jumping over a large object .
A man on a bike is jumping off a dirt ramp .
A man wearing a light brown shirt is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods .
a
A man dressed in a suit surrounded by formally dressed women with flowers
A man posing with four girls in formal attire , probably at a wedding .
Four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom .
Groom posing with bridesmaids .
A girl in a red polka dot dress and red headband playing with a pink handheld game
A girl in red and white plays with a purple toy .
A girl with a camera , looking at the screen .
A girl with a red headband is holding pink camera .
One young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
A guy walking his four dogs .
A person walks four dogs on leashes in a parking lot .
a woman walks four dogs .
Man walking four dogs .
The man is walking the dogs .
A brown dog is walking in the river with a yellow ring in its mouth .
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river .
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water .
Grey dog in a stream surrounded by trees and shrubs .
The dog runs through the water while holding a yellow ring .
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean .
A man parasails in the choppy water .
A man wakeboards on choppy water .
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit .
A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water .
Two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them .
Two girls sit back to back .
Two women pose back-to-back in front of a high-rise building .
Two women sit back to back on a wall .
Two women sitting back to back outise an office area .
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head .
A man runs after a cricket ball on a grass field .
a person playing cricket in an all green outfit
A person plays cricket while being watched by a crowd .
A sports player in a green uniform .
A dog is chasing another dog carrying a toy .
A dog runs down a beach holding a yellow toy while another chases it .
a dog with a yellow toy is being chased by another dog
One dog is chasing another dog that is carrying something in its mouth along the beach .
One white and tan dog is chasing another white and brown dog who has a toy in its mouth .
A black dog on a rocky beach .
A black dog walks along an ocean front .
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
a black dog walks on the sand .
Black dog walking on the beach after swimming in the ocean .
A four wheel drive car is navigating along a rocky off road trail .
A jeep sidewalks on some rocks .
A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on .
A red truck is driving over a rocky surface .
A woman stands next to a red SUV that has run off into a ditch .
A boy laying on a sitting swing , face down , wearing a hat backwards .
a boy laying on his stomach , on a swing
a boy plays on the swing .
A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set .
A young boy plays on a swing .
A large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass .
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .
The large brown dog faces the little white dog on the grass .
Two dogs playing in a yard .
A team of four judges rates a competition .
Four judges are sitting at a table with the center left one speaking .
Four people are sitting at a table , with microphones and bottles of water in front of them .
Man in red shirt speaks into microphone
The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .
A lady speaking in a microphone and another taking notes .
a man wearing black , speaks into a microphone , while a woman writes .
Lady talks on microphone while sitting down .
Two women are sitting at a table with a microphone .
Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing .
A group of four men sits at a table on a platform before an audience in a darkened room .
A group of people sit on a panel on a stage with a crowd watching .
Four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience .
Four people sitting behind a table .
Several people sit at a lit table in front of a crowd
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
Kids practicing karate with harnesses to aid in balance
People dangling from straps kicking at each other
Two children kick each other while being suspended from the ceiling .
Two children play while being suspended in harnesses .
A diver midair against an urban background .
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting .
A man is bouncing on a trampoline next to tall buildings and a church .
A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building .
A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in the city .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in an urban setting .
A man flips his skateboard in midair above the concrete ground .
A skateboarder doing a jump near some apartment buildings .
This rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend .
A child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest .
A cyclist streaks through the trees .
A person wearing a red helmet riding a white bike .
A person wearing a red helmet and yellow and white clothing is riding a bike outside in a wooded area .
The BMX biker rides through the forest .
A black and brown dog pokes his head above the white farm animals .
A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals .
A dog looking over the backs of sheep .
A dog 's head over the backs of some white animals .
Black dog amid white animals in the field .
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles .
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike .
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike jumping over a row of other green bikes .
A group of 10 men and women standing in a line in a yard in front of a tree
a group of adults are standing under a tree in front of a red brick house .
A group of older men and women pose for a picture outside of a building .
A large group posing for a photo on a lawn .
The group of adults take a picture under the tree .
A group of children and their gaurdian walk on the boardwalk and eat ice cream .
A woman and children with their ice cream cones .
A woman with four children are eating ice cream cones .
Family enjoying ice cream on the boardwalk .
The woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones .
A man performing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding up a ramp that is covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder does a turn at the top of a half-pipe covered in graffiti .
A young man in a red shirt and jeans skateboards over a graffiti-strewn background .
Skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp .
A girl playing softball slides into home plate
A girl slides in for a homerun .
A runner is safe at home plate at a youth softball game .
Two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate .
Two girls play softball , one slides into plate as other fails to catch ball .
a boy throws leaves into the air .
A child looks at leaves blowing in the wind in the woods
A small , young boy wearing a white shirt is playing with fallen leaves outside .
Boy playing with leaves in the woods .
Young boy plays with leaves in a green wooded area
a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
A dog is running awkwardly .
A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
A woman and three children .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids .
A skateboarder in flannel rides his skateboard to the top of a ramp .
A young man does a trick on his skateboard on a slope .
A young man does skateboard tricks on a ramp .
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park .
A boy doing a skateboard trick off of a flight of stairs while people watch .
A group of boys watch a skateboarder jump a distant staircase .
a skateboarder jumps the stairs .
Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs .
Spectators watch as a skateboarder does tricks .
A dog jumps of a surfboard
A dog splashes through the water .
A dog swims in the ocean with a surfboard .
A golden retriever jumping from a board on an ocean beach .
A golden retriever jumps off of a blue surfboard in the water .
A girl holding a camera .
A little girl in a pink , floppy hat takes a photograph with a big camera .
A little girl in a pink hat holds a camera to her face .
a young girl wearing a pink hat holding a camera up to her face .
Young girl in pink hat taking pictures .
A group of guys are playing soccer on the beach .
Men playing soccer on red sand .
Several people on a beach , and a ball .
They are playing with a soccer ball on the beach .
Two young men play soccer on the beach .
Two males are playing field hockey , one with a blue stick , one with a gold stick ,
Two men are playing in a sports game together .
Two men playing a game with some sort of sticks .
Two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball .
Two players battle for the ball in field hockey .
A girl is wearing a large blue and red hat .
a girl wearing a british flag decorated hat sitting on the concrete
A woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat .
A woman with a tall , red , white , and blue hat sits on the ground .
Girl with a large hat with the British flag on it .
A man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top .
a military guard is wearing a ceremonial gold helmet and is holding a sword .
The guard is wearing a helmet with a red tassel .
The stands at attention with a stoic face .
Young man in gold helmet with red fringe
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
A white and tan dog walks on rippled sand on the beach .
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water .
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .
A Pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall .
A white dog on a green leash is standing on its hind legs to look over a stone wall .
Dog on a leash looking over a stone wall
The leashed dog is looking over the stone wall .
The white dog is standing on its hind legs , looking over a ledge .
a closeup view of a cyclist riding on a bike
A cyclist leaning forward as he pedals his bike .
A man rides a bike in the woods .
Closeup perspective of a bicycle wheel being ridden by someone
Man riding bike in forest
A dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day .
A small , wet dog leaps to catch a stick .
A wet dog catches seaweed in his mouth .
A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy .
The dog takes a leap on the beach to retrieve an unknown item .
A man and a woman are dressed up as ghost busters on a city street .
People in Ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk .
three ghostbuster impersonators
Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture .
Two people dressed up like the Ghostbusters standing on the sidewalk .
A brown dog and a tan dog run on a beach .
Dogs chase each other through water .
The black dog and the brown dog are on the ground .
Two dogs play in shallow water .
two dogs running on the beach
A pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights .
A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .
A person with torn orange leggings and black boots is sitting nearby a large crowd of people .
Someone sits with orange and black tights at an outdoor performance .
The person wearing orange and black ripped up tights lounges in the grass .
A group of people are rafting on river rapids .
A group of people white water raft on very choppy water .
A raft is being paddled through a white water river .
People are river rafting .
People white water rafting .
A man and a woman looking over a railing .
The two women are looking at mountains at a fence .
Two people look at a view .
Two people take in the view from behind a fence .
Two women standing in front of a fence looking at mountains .
A black and brown dog with a tan dog on a cement path in front of grass
A black dog and a yellow dog are walking on asphalt next to a field of grass .
A blurry photo of two dogs .
a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass .
Two dogs walk along a path beside the grass .
A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting on makeup .
A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror .
Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint .
A boy jumps .
A boy raises his arms amongst a crowd of people who are not in focus .
A boy surrounded by people who seem to swirl around him .
A boy with a red shirt waves his arms in the air as he looks at another person .
The boy in the purple shirt and green jacket stands in the crowd whilst raising his hands in the air .
A guy jumps off of rocks into the water .
A man is jumping over the rocks , and towards the water .
A man jumping near rocks and a body of water .
a man jumping off a rocky cliff into the ocean
The man is jumping into the water .
Dogs running through snow .
The dog is chasing the other dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
The dogs play in the snow .
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
A blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it .
A blue building on fire with black smoke pouring out with a firetruck on the scene .
A large blue building has black smoke billowing out and a fire engine sits in front .
A man runs as a firetruck arrives to a fire .
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .
A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows .
A woman holding a cup of beer and a man walking down the sidewalk .
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white .
A woman with a beverage and a guy walking behind her .
The woman wearing a red jacket is holding a glass and she is in front of the man in a white t-shirt .
A boy in a green shirt is riding his skateboard in a park while three boys watch .
A boy on a skateboard at a skate park .
A boy rollerskating in the street .
A child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground .
A young man is skating in a skate park .
A family watches as a little girl blows out the candles on her third birthday
a little girl blows out her candles .
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake .
The girl is blowing out the candles on the chocolate cake .
Two girls look on at birthday girl blowing out candles as mother stands by
A number of people ascending a zig-zag ramp with bright blue railings .
People are walking up a zigzag patterned ramp in front of a building .
People are walking up a blue railed walk-way .
Several people walking up a ramp with a blue handrail .
Six people are walking up a blue ramp
A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition .
The horse and rider are jumping over a fence .
The horse and rider are jumping over a white fence .
The horseback rider and her horse are jumping rails .
Women on horse jumping over gate .
A brown dog and a white dog run along an ocean shoreline
A white dog and a brown dog run alongside each other at the beach .
Two dogs are running on a beach .
Two dogs chase along the beach .
Two dogs one white and one brown are running together on a beach .
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers .
a dog runs through the long grass .
A golden retriever runs through a field of yellow flowers .
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .
White dog running through a field of yellow flowers .
A few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net .
Boys are throwing a football on the beach .
The children are playing a game , with a volleyball net and a football , on the beach .
three boys play volleyball on a busy beach .
three boys play with a football near a volleyball net at the beach .
A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair .
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle .
A naked woman wearing body paint riding a bicycle .
A painted woman rides a bike in public .
A young naked lady in body paint rides a bike through a street festival .
Two dogs playing in the water .
Two dogs playing in the water , one is bounding at the other .
Two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
Two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
A dog and woman at a dog agility course
A woman guides a dog through an obstacle course .
A woman plays with her dog on an obstacle course .
There are four people and a dog jumping through a black , yellow , and white hole .
The woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment .
A black dog has just jumped into a swimming pool .
a black dog swimming through a pool .
A black dog swims in a large pool .
A dog in a pool .
A small dog swims in a pool .
A lady walks behind a wheelchair while another lady walks behind her .
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair .
An elderly woman pushing a stroller
A woman in a white coat pushes a cart .
A woman wearing a white coat pushes a wheelchair through a crowd .
A man chains his bike to a rack while a woman in black and red walks .
Several people , one being a woman in a black dress , are outside , near a bike rack .
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
A few puppies get washed in the tub .
Small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead
Three puppies are in a bathtub getting sprayed with water from a showerhead .
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person .
Three white puppies are being washed in a bathtub with hand held shower .
A pelican in mid-flight above a group of pelicans .
Birds flocking by the water 's edge .
Large birds standing on the edge of a body of water while one in the middle is coming down for a landing .
One bird is landing on the shore near many other birds .
There are several pelicans and one is flying .
A little girl standing on a sandy hill on a beach .
A small child turns to look as she walks down a sandy path .
A young blonde girl stands on a beach .
A young girl is walking down a sandy path by a large body of water .
A young girl stands on the sand by a shore .
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy .
A dark colored animal splashes in the water .
A dog fetching a stick in the water .
Someone splashing in the water .
The dog is swimming in the water .
A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground .
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface .
A girl is playing on a swing .
A little girl in red is swinging on her stomach on a playground swing .
A black dog is biting the neck of a brown dog
A dog bites another dog 's neck .
The black and brown dog with a red collar bites the brown dog .
Two dogs play with each other outside .
Two dogs wrestle outdoors .
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water .
A child in a pink and black bathing suit walks through water mist from colored rings .
A young girl stands under three large rings that shoot water in a water park .
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals .
A hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains .
A man sitting at the top of a mountain .
A person wearing a hat and glasses sits on a cliff and smiles .
A woman sitting on a high cliff
The hiker poses for a photo is the beautiful mountains .
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path .
A person does a jump on a bike in a natural setting .
A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up .
A person is jumping with a bicycle over dirt hills
A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery .
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field .
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth .
A black dog retrieves in the snow .
A black lab in the snow is holding something in its mouth .
the black dog carries an object in the snow .
A brown horse is in a wierd pose while galloping outside .
A brown horse jumps through its paddock .
A horse bucking wildly
A large brown horse is running in a grassy area .
Rear end view of a galloping horse out in the field .
A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water .
A boy in blue camo pants jumping into water .
A boy is about to jump into the water .
A boy jumps into the water at a beach .
A young man leaps into the water .
A bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall .
a biker performs a trick in the air .
A boy on a bike jumping .
A cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle .
A man in black is on a blue trimmed bicycle in front of a playground .
A baby is playing in a walker .
A laughing baby in a walker .
A young asian boy enjoys his toy .
The baby is smiling whilst sitting in a high chair with a red white and blue toy .
There is a little child sitting in a little chair playing with a toy .
a woman in green pants sits next to a woman in a pink jacket in front of statue of a fish .
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain .
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
Two young women sit by a fountain .
A plane flies with a cloud of smoke behind it .
A plane is diving through the sky creating a cloud of smoke behind it .
a small airplane flying through the air with lots of smoke coming out of the plane .
A stunt plane is billowing smoke into a clear , grey sky .
The airplane is billowing smoke and looks like it may crash .
A skateboarder flies through the air over the staircase of a sleek contemporary building .
A skateboarder leaps of steps outside a corporate building .
People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background
Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings .
Someone skateboarding over steps surrounded by buildings .
A boy in a striped oxford shirt points .
A boy points at something behind the camera .
A little boy wearing a striped shirt is pointing at something .
A young boy in a striped shirt pointing beyond the camera .
A young boy wearing a striped shirt points into the distance .
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman 's hair .
A little brunette girl sprinking confetti on a brunette woman 's head as she smiles .
A small girl puts confetti on a smiling woman 's hair .
A young girl dumps confetti onto a woman 's head as she smiles .
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A boy is playing in a jungle gym on a playground
A boy swings on a jungle gym .
A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground .
A small blonde boy dressed in shorts and a blue shirt playing on a jungle gym .
A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers .
A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers
Two girls are in a school hallway .
Two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .
Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers .
A man wearing a formal suit and hat stands next to a building .
a man wearing a tuxedo and top hat standing outside with some other people to hi right
Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them .
Two men in top hats and tuxedos are walking past a dry cleaning store and a casual man who is looking at them .
Two men in tuxedos and top-hats stand on the street as a boy with backpack passes by
Three friends making faces for the camera .
Three people posing for a picture with one man giving a kissing face .
Three young adults pose for the camera .
Two men and a girl pose with funny faces in front of a wood panel wall .
Young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses
A black dog jumping over a hurdle .
A black dog jumps in the air over the red hurdle .
A black dog jumps over an obstacle .
A black dog jumps over a show jumping hurdle .
a black dog running a course at a dog show
A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch .
a bmx rider launches off a quarterpipe .
A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp .
A kid does a trick on a bike at a skate park .
A teenage boy on a bicycle is jumping off a ramp .
A group of people sitting in a pink room with candles .
A large group of people are sitting down inside a building with red and yellow lights everywhere .
People are sitting at square tables in a red room .
People in a dimly lit lounge .
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room .
a child doing a jump on a skateboard
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
A person skateboarding at a skate park .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park .
Five children ride an amusement park ride .
Five girls on a carnival ride .
Five girls on an amusement ride .
Five kids are on a yellow ride at the amusement park .
several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
A competitor does a pole vault .
a man is pole vaulting in front of a white building .
An athlete pole vaults in a field with buildings in the background .
Javelin competition
The athlete pole vaulated above the bar while spectators watched .
A man in beige pants does a trick on a bicycle .
A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle .
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle .
A blonde girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
Two girls hugging .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background
Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
Two large dogs , one light colored and one dark , running through snowy terrain .
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
A brown dog is playing with a white and brown dog in a grassy and treed area .
A brown dog is rolling over in the grass while a white and brown dog stands next to it .
A brown dog lies on its back fighting with a brown and white dog .
The two dogs are playing in the yard .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other on the grass , with one dog laying on its side .
A baseball pitcher wearing a white and red uniform caught in midpitch of the ball .
a baseball player in white uniform throwing baseball
A profession baseball player pitches a ball in a baseball game .
The man in the white and red uniform gets ready to throw the baseball .
There is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand .
A brown and white corgi trailing a leash chasing sheep .
A dog chasing livestock on sand .
A short brown and white dog chasing sheep .
a small tan dog herding some sheep
Brown and white dog , running on sand with livestock animals partially out of frame .
A little girl is wearing a flowing dress and carrying water balloons .
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
A young girl in a red dress and black shirt with two purple water balloons .
A young girl wearing a pink tutu .
The girl is wearing a pink tutu and walking through the grass .
A group of people walk down a city street at night .
A group of people walking down the street with one on the phone in a green hat .
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk , while the one in the green hat talks on a cellphone .
Four people are walking on a sidewalk .
four people walk down a sidewalk at night
A baby playing in the water at a beach
A chubby baby with an orange hat splashes in a shallow body of water .
A small baby dressed in blue shorts and a blue hat tries to balance with the help of an adult hand behind him .
A small baby splashes in water
A tiny baby in swim trunks and a blue hat .
A boy rides a game machine .
A child in a yellow shirt is playing a red arcade ride .
A child rides a mechanical ride .
A small boy is playing a racing arcade game .
a young man playing a motorcycle video game .
A girl and woman jump off of their swings .
Two females jump off of swings .
Two girls jump out of swings .
Two girls riding on swings .
Two girls swing over a red patterned surface .
A boy in orange and white swimming trunks is falling into water at a beach or lake .
A boy in orange shorts is playing in the shallow part of the ocean .
A boy in swim trunks in the water at the beach
A boy wearing board shorts falls backwards in the water .
a young man wearing a red and white floral swinsuit falling into the beach
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .
A rugby player wearing a colored top has scored a try as the players in black are running towards him .
A sports player on a field lying face down on the grass .
The young man dives on the field during a sporting event .
Three men on a field .
A large crowd in heavy clothing is posing for a camera .
large group of people walking
The people are standing in front of a building .
There is a crowd of people of men , women and children .
Two men , a woman , and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building .
An Olympic winner takes home two medals .
an Olympic winner wearing her two gold medals and a grey jacket showing a peace sign and a wave
A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers .
Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands .
Woman with two medals around her neck , holding up seven fingers .
A girl in a dress sitting on a red swing ride .
a girl sits on a swing ride .
A small Asian girl is sitting in a red seat on a merry go round .
The girl is sitting on a swing .
The young girl is sitting on the swing seat waiting for the carnival ride to begin .
A dirt biker rounding a bend on a downhill course .
A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail .
A person on a bike and wearing a helmet rides through a wooded area .
BMX rider , riding downhill on forest path .
The motorbiker is biking on an off road trail
A boys jumps into the water upside down .
A child diving headfirst into a lake .
A man is falling backward in swim gear over a large body of water nearby an urban area .
The man is going into the water .
The person is going into the water .
A rugby player tackling another .
A soccer player tackles a player from the other team .
Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock .
The men fight during the game .
two rugby players fighting on the field
A girl dances on a stage .
A girl dancing onstage .
A girl in white dances .
A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment
The blonde girl is dancing onstage in front of the sound equipment .
A boy skateboarding .
A person does a trick with a skateboard .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder performs a trick .
The guy is wearing a blue shirt and doing an ollie .
A group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean .
A race with motor boats and all the people are wearing red helmets and life jackets .
Four powerboats racing across the sea .
Several speed boats are racing with people dressed in red aboard them .
The group of boats races each other .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean .
A surfer in a yellow and black wet-suit is falling off a breaking wave .
A surfer on his white surfboard catching a wave .
A young male surfer wearing a yellow shirt rides a wave in the ocean on his white board .
A young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave .
A family sits on a bench in front of a pool .
a few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
A girl wearing boots stands next to a swimming pool and four people seated on a bench .
A group of people talking next to a pool with trees in the background .
People sit on a bench by the pool .
One woman and two men on a bench .
one woman holding flowers and two men on a bench
Three middle aged people sitting on a park bench , with a rock wall in the background .
Three people sit on a bench outside .
Two men and a woman sitting on a bench .
The girls are both eating and the girl wearing the color red has cake icing on her upper lip .
Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face .
Two girls play with their food for the camera .
Two little girls are eating and making a mess .
Two young girls having fun while eating .
A child is sliding into a small pool .
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .
a little girl is sliding down a short slide into an inflatable paddling pool .
Girl splashing in kiddie pool
The dark-haired girl is sliding into a white kiddie pool .
A BMX rider in a red and black outfit is jumping on his motorcycle .
A dirt biker flies through the air .
A guy in red on a bike in midair .
A man in a red outfit jumps his motocross bike down the hill .
Someone in red on a bike is moving in midair .
A girl rides on a swing .
A girl swings high in the air .
A little girl swings high in artistic photograph .
A young girl rides a swing high into the blue sky .
The blond haired girl wearing the flowered dress is swinging on a swing towards the blue sky .
A man at a skate park doing a stunt .
A skateboarder doing maneuvers .
A skateboarder is riding his board on a ramp in a skate park .
kid doing tricks on a skateboard
The skateboarder is doing a trick at the skate park
A kite surfer jumps through the air .
A man is flying through the air hanging from a paraglider while others are water-skiing .
A person is parasailing over water , with other parasailors close behind him .
A person wearing a lifevest is in the air above water .
a young man parasailing in midair over the ocean
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog .
A bicyclist is drinking out of a bottle of water while riding .
A biker takes a drink of water .
A cyclist drinks water .
A man riding a bicycle drinks from a bottle of water .
A person takes a drink of water while riding on a bike .
A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby .
A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her .
A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her
A young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles .
A young girl is popping bubbles a woman is blowing .
A man on a motorcycle rides donuts with a crowd watching
A motorcycle rider spinning his tires in a circle .
A motorcyclist burns rubber in a circle while a crowd watches .
A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks .
Person on blue motorcycle with smoking back tire and people watching in the background .
A woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station .
A woman leaning against the wall in the " Dupont Circle " subway station with a trashcan to the right .
A woman reading while waiting for a train .
Woman waiting for the train .
Young woman standing on platform with train to the right
The two dogs are interested in the gravel ground surrounded by concrete .
Two dogs are both curious about the object on the sidewalk .
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks .
Two dogs play with each other on the sidewalk .
Two small dogs search the ground for something .
A man is lying in a grassy field reading .
A man laying in the grass reading .
A man lays on the grass in a field and reads a book .
A man lies in the grass reading a book .
The man is laying in the field reading a book .
A group of girls dancing on a stage .
A group of teenage girls do a synchronized dance in Hanna Montana costumes .
Girls in a line do a dance .
The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits .
Young girls in dancing outfits perform on a stage .
A girl kicks a ball
A little girl gives a good kick to a blue ball .
A little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball .
a young girl kicking a blue ball
Young girl in pink shirt kicking blue ball .
People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
Two balloon artists are standing and sitting on a dry dirt hill .
Two men wear funny looking black suits while climbing a mountain on a clear sunny day .
Two people in black outfits , surrounding themselves in black balloons in a desert
Two people with balloons climb a hill .
Two girls arm wrestle as another observes
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches .
Two girls arm wrestling , while another looks on .
Two teenage girls arm wrestle while a third girl watches .
Two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches .
A girl dressed in orange flies in the air while jumping on the bed .
A girl is jumping on the bed .
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room .
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed .
Young girl jumping on a bed .
A brown and white dog is standing in shallow water on a beach near a large rock outcrop .
A brown and white dog on the beach .
A dog standing on a beach .
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him .
An unusual looking dog is standing in front of a beautiful backdrop .
The two children , one with a scarf tied around their forehead , walk down a modeling runway .
Two boys are walking along the stage whilst being watched by several people .
Two children walking on a platform .
Two children wearing denim walk on a runway .
Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion .
Girls moving around in a spacious room .
Three girls are dancing in a large room .
Three girls dance on a wooden floor .
Three girls dancing .
Three girls dancing on the hardwood floor on an emty room .
A girl in a white shirt kneeling down lighting a candle .
A girl is amid many candle lanterns .
A girl kneels down by a rows of candles .
A young girl kneels beside rows of candles while others walk by .
young girl kneels on a grassy field filled with candles
A female martial artist kicking another female martial artist in the face
One karate sportwoman kicks a karate sportman
One martial artist kicks another 's face during a competition .
Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .
Two women participate in a martial arts match .
Cyclists are riding bikes on an off road course beside a river .
Kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront .
People riding bicycles at night on a track .
The teenagers are performing tricks on their bicycles at night .
Two boys on off-road bicycles fly over a hill .
A closeup of two women standing together .
A woman wearing purple looks away while a woman in orange grins at the camera .
one girl wearing an orange tank top and black sunglasses smiling at the camera next to another girl .
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and red sunglasses while her friend wears an orange shirt .
Two women stand wearing sunglasses .
A blonde-haired child squeezes paint onto a spinning wheel .
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
A child painting on a piece of spinning paper .
A child pours syrup on a spinning device
Child squirting paint onto a piece of spin-art .
A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers .
A little blond girl in a flowery dress among white flowers .
A young , blonde girl picking flowers in a grassy field .
A young girl in a field of white flowers .
The blonde little girl picks flowers in a field , wearing a white dress with flowers on it .
A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool .
A man rides a skateboard up the side of an empty pool .
A skateboarder dressed in white is dropping into a blue bowl .
A skateboarder hanging off the edge of a bowl at a skate park .
A skateboarder in an empty pool .
A couple kiss each other on the lips .
a couple kisses .
A man and a woman kiss .
A woman and a man are kissing .
A woman in white and a man in black , with an earring , are kissing .
A woman biking along a trail surrounded by various plants .
A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field .
A woman rides a bike over a dirt path through the long grass .
A woman riding a bicycle in a field .
Woman on bicycle riding down dirt trail .
A dog rolls in the grass .
A small white dog rolls over on the grass .
A tan dog rolls in the grass .
The grey dog is rolling on its back on the grass .
The yellow dog wears a blue dog tag and rolls on a green field .
A lady walking in red boots while wearing headphones .
A woman dressed in winter wear walks outdoors .
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs .
Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street .
The woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones .
A dark skinned man standing outside a small yellow building which is setup to sell items .
A man is standing outside a yellow building .
A man is standing outside of a yellow building .
A man standing in front of a yellow building
The man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window .
A girl in a lavender shirt looks puzzled .
A girl in a purple sweater and a shoulder bag is looking to the side with a lot of people behind her .
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .
A woman with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse .
A guy in a costume , a crowd watching him .
A man standing in front of a crowd .
A performer putting on an act in front of a large crowd of people .
A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people .
one person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn
A boy in a park playing with two orange balls .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
Boy playing on the grass with an orange ball .
Little boy juggling orange balls in the park with a playground behind him .
A dog is being washed by two little girls .
two girls giving a large dog a bath
Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog .
Two young blonde girls are washing a golden retriever .
Two young girls bathing a golden retriever outside .
A martial artist kicks the face of his opponent .
Martial artists are sparring against one another .
Two black belts sparring , one kicking the other in the face .
Two men wearing black belt martial arts uniforms are sparring , one of whom has kicked his feet up to the other man 's face .
Two men with black belts engage in martial arts .
A disk jockey holds a picture of Michael Jackson .
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album .
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
Girl in club DJ both showing camera the cover of Michael Jackson 's " Thriller . "
The girl is wearing headphones and holding a Michael Jackson album .
A child is playing near a swing set , with a hedge in the background .
A child jumping out of a swing near some bushes .
A young boy jumps off a swing set .
a young man wearing a blue shirt jumping off a swing set
Young boy leaps from a swing
A couple walking and holding hands .
a man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees
a man and woman are walking whilst holding hands down a leafy lane .
A man and woman walk side by side down the road .
A man with a white t-shirt and a woman with a sleeveless dress walk down a dirt road together holding hands .
A boy and a girl playing in the pool on a sunny day .
a girl in a bikini jumps into a pool
A girl with a boy standing behinf her is stepping into a swimming pool
A young girl jumps into the deep end of a swimming pool while a young boy is nearby .
Young girl jumping into a swimming pool .
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area .
Three dogs moving through grass .
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera .
Three dogs running in a field of grass .
Three dogs run through a manicured lawn .
A boy on a skateboard in midair
A male jumps in the air while on a skateboard .
A skateboarder leaps in the air on a city street .
A skateboard teenager wearing a dark shirt and blue jeans rides his board on top of a red fireplug .
This skater is jumping over a hydrant .
a few girls on a woooden pier eating ice cream cones
A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting .
Two older women and a little girl standing outside under flowers .
Two women and a little girl are eating ice cream .
Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers .
A bearded man at a fair wearing a black tank top and a plaid hat .
A guy with a black tank top .
A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat
A man wearing a black tank top and red plaid hat is smiling as a man behind him is playing with a colorful object .
A man with face peircings and a red fadora hat smiles at a fair .
A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off camera .
A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering .
A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd .
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater .
Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling
A blonde toddler in a light green shirt sitting in a green chair surrounded by other green chairs .
A cute toddler girl waits in her stroller .
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair .
A little girl is turned around in her seat at an event .
A young girl with blond hair holding onto a rail
two fighters kick boxing
Two people kick boxing , with others spectating .
Two woman spar in a kickboxing match .
two women are kick boxing .
Woman kicking head of another kick boxer
a man in a white t-shirt with a red logo is wearing colored beads whilst carrying a flag past a row of spectators .
A man is smiling while participating in a parade .
A person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole .
Man wearing mardi gra beads and waving a flag
Man with Mardi Gras Beads around his neck holding pole with banner
A brown haired man is wearing a blue shirt that says , " Boys will do boys " .
A man is wearing a blue shirt that is rolled up above his abdomen .
A young man , bearing his midriff , and other people are gathered in a city street .
Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
There is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads , " Boys Will Do Boys , " waving at the camera .
A homeless man being observed by a man in business attire .
A homeless man holds up his pants as another man observes in the distance .
a homeless person being looked at by another man
A man looking at a sad homeless man whose clothes are torn on the street .
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
A brown and white dog running out of the woods through snow .
A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground .
A dog running through snow with trees in the background
A German shepherd playing in the snow near the woods .
A large German shepherd runs though deep snow .
A brown dog is running through the ocean .
A brown dog swimming through murky water .
A brown dog with a silver collar runs through shallow water .
A small brown dog swims in the water .
The dog is swimming across the water .
a Boston baseball player at bat
A Boston Red Sox baseball player holds the bat waiting for the incoming pitch .
A man is playing baseball .
A player on the Boston Red Sox prepares for a pitch during a game .
Baseball batter ready to hit the ball
A man in a green Speedo dancing .
A muscular black man dancing in short shorts .
A shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses with a man in white shirt and sunglasses .
The muscular black man is dancing while the man behind him wears green beads .
Two men in green underwear and green beads dance together .
A professional horse race
Four jockeys and their horses race towards the finish line at a racetrack .
Horses with jockeys participate in a race .
Jockeys ride their horses down the track during a horse race .
Three horses and their jockeys compete in a race .
A girl in a blue shirt is grinning and walking in a crowd or people .
A girl wearing a tight blue shirt and an army cap walks in a crowd .
A woman in a blue shirt with no bra .
A young woman with a green hat is walking in the busy street .
The young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day .
a baseball player slides to the base .
A catcher tries to beat a runner to home plate .
A person playing baseball slides for home .
Two baseball players on a field , with four spectators , and a crowd .
Two men on opposite baseball teams dive for a baseball at homebase .
One black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag .
Three black and white pug dogs were laying and playing outside .
Three spotted dogs outside a house .
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
Two small dogs are fighting over a bag while another sleeps .
Children laugh and smile .
Little boys points a pink gun in the air while a little girl watches and laughs .
two children laugh .
Two little kids laugh at a park .
Two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red .
A man in a bowler hat , a low cut vest and flowers waves in a parade .
a man wearing makeup and wearing a skimpy vest
A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached .
A person wearing a colorful costume waves to a crowd .
People in red and black clothing are walking in a parade .
A little girl is peaking out from behind a tree .
A little girl peering out from behind a tree .
A young girl hiding behind a tree in a forest .
A young girl peeking out from behind a tree in a wooded area .
A young girl wearing a striped dress peeks out from behind a tree .
A man looking across a street .
a man looks at the city .
A man standing on the street looking at a woman across on the road .
A young man in a grey sweater is looking downtown .
Two people stand across a city intersection from each other .
A brown and white dog trots across shallow water with his mouth open .
A brown spotted dog walks in shallow water .
A greyhound walks in the rain through a large puddle .
A white and brown dog is walking through the water .
The dog walks through the water .
A person in an airplane .
A person sits inside a small plane on the ground .
a small jet takes off .
A small white plane with someone visible in the window is sitting on a runway .
Small plane with spinning propeller on ground , pilot seen through windows .
A girl and a boy watch a dog try to climb a tree .
Boy and girl look on a puppy climbs tree
The dog that the two children are walking is looking up at a tree .
The two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree .
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .
A bird is standing on a rock next to her six babies .
a mommy duck walking along some rocks with a group of baby ducks .
An adult duck stands on a rock with seven baby ducks nearby .
The mother bird looks over her babies .
There is a grown duck and several baby ducks .
a girl is swimming in a clear water in a blue pool .
A girl swims through clear blue water .
A person is swimming underwater in a pool .
A person swimming underwater in a swimming pool .
A picture of somebody under blue water .
a kayaker plungles into the river .
A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters .
A person is half submerged in water in their yellow kayak .
A woman has positioned her kayak nose down in the water .
The man in a yellow kayak is paddling through rough waters .
A guy in gold chains , a black top , and gold shorts is walking with his arms outstretched in a parade .
A young man raises his arms as he marches in a parade .
A young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade .
Man in gold jewelry and shorts by a parade .
The man in the gold lame shorts is wearing many gold necklaces .
A bus is carrying people while decorated with banners in the colors of the rainbow .
A group of people on a bus with colorful flags wave at the people below .
People are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags .
People in a tall bus wave while holding colorful flags .
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .
A boy in a red shirt walks down the street through heavy rain .
A boy in yellow walks down the street .
A boy walks in the rain with tennis balls in his shirt .
A child carring something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street .
A girl holding a bag walks down the street in front of the chief justice 's office .
A dark man in a white and green feathered mask with green jewelry and pants .
A man in a costume participates in a parade .
A man in a green and silver Mardi Gras costume in a parade .
A man is wearing a mask , green beads and green pants .
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade .
A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace .
A man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole
A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland , carrying a pole .
A young topless man carries a Brazilian flag whilst wearing a colorful bracelet on his arm and flowers around his neck
The young man with the colorful flowered lei and colorful bracelets is holding a flag .
A man is shirtless and is covered in red marks .
A man with several red marks on his body is holding a flag while people in the background are cheering
A shirtless man covered in red lipstick kisses waving a blue flag .
A shirtless man waaves a flag .
A shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick .
A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier .
A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back .
A topless woman with bright red hair watches a gay pride parade .
A woman with pink hair an tattoos stands near a rainbow banner .
The woman is wearing black shorts at a parade .
a dog gets sprayed by a hose .
A dog is being sprayed with water .
A dog jumping through the air getting hit by water .
An animal is hosed down by a brick wall .
Leaping dog sprayed by off screen person with hose .
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table .
A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table .
Two older people drinking coffee outside .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces .
A boy wearing a red shirt jumps off the blue slide .
A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground .
A young boy wearing a red shirt is jumping off of a blue slide at a park .
The blonde boy is wearing a red shirt and jumping off of a blue slide .
There is a kid jumping off a blue slide .
A long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade .
A woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing .
A woman in a white skirt and tank top is flailing about with others nearby .
The girl in the green top and sunglasses is performing in a parade .
Woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing .
A man in a uniform smiling and waving at the camera .
A man in a uniform waves while holding a banner during an event .
A man in uniform waves and smiles at camera
A police officer waves at a street fair .
The man in a black uniform and hat , holding part of a banner , is waving .
Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
People are dressed in purple , blue , green , yellow , orange and red costumes for a parade .
Six people in bright mono-color costumes , each a different color , are walking down a street .
Six people walking in a parade wearing brightly colored outfits .
Six women dressed in purple , blue , green , orange , and red , are waving to the crowd along the parade route .
A boy is blowing bubble underwater .
A boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth .
A child holds his breath underwater .
a young boy diving through the water with his eyes open .
A young boy is underwater in a swimming pool .
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling .
The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on .
Two guys in leather , standing in a crowd .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade .
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .
People in orange shirts marching down street with Unified In Pride sign
The woman in the red shirt is holding up a peace sign with her fingers with a red banner behind her .
The woman is flashing a peace sign .
A blond girl in a green dress and elaborate gold necklace stands in front of a few women and a man .
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
A girl is wear a green dress .
blonde girl wearing green dress standing
Woman in green dress being observed
a boy wearing plaid shorts jumping over a big water fountain .
A man in plaid shorts is jumping over a fountain .
A man is jumping over a water fountain .
A man jumps near a water fountain .
The person wearing flannel shorts is jumping over a fountain .
a girl in a purple top holds a toddler between herself and another girl on the grass in front of a bush .
Three children sit on the grass .
Three little children are sitting in the grass .
Three little girls are sitting on the grass .
Three young girls are sitting on the lawn
A boy tries to catch a ball while jumping into a pool .
A male dives for a ball that 's flying over a pool .
A male jumping into a swimming pool .
A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel .
The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football .
An asian girl is running outside .
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path .
A woman runs on a chalk white path .
A woman runs on the beach .
A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds .
A woman is climbing a rocky hill overshadowed by a partly cloudy sky .
A woman nears a cliff 's edge .
a woman walks across a large rock .
Woman in black sports bra and shorts standing on an rocky elevation .
Woman walking on the rocks .
a man doing a rollskating trick on a ramp
A man grinding the lip of a pool on his Rollerblades .
A man wearing green glasses crouches near the camera .
A man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard .
A rollerblader pauses at the top of a skate ramp .
A female runner in a race
A woman athlete wearing orange and black is running whilst carrying an orange beverage bottle .
A woman in an orange top and black shorts is running .
A woman is running a race carrying a plastic bottle .
A woman jogger .
A bmx biker is in midair attempting a trick .
A boy does a trick on a bike in the woods .
A person is in the air with a trick bike .
A person riding a bike , doing a very high jump .
The young man is performing a bicycle trick high in the air .
A man jumps off of a dock and into the water .
A person jumping off a dock into water .
Person jumping into the water .
The boy jumps into the water off of a dock .
The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock , into the water .
A cop is standing next to a person dressed like a clown .
A female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the Joker in Batman .
A man with face makeup and a red piece of fabric hanging from her mouth is being escorted by a police officer .
A policewoman standing next to a person wearing bright red glasses .
Policewoman , with person streaked with colors and with red cloth in mouth .
A couple enjoying the high plains with their dogs .
A man is taking a photo of another man and his two dogs on some grassy hills
Dog training on the mountain
The man wearing the white shirt takes a picture of the man in the blue shirt with the two dogs .
two men take a hike with two dogs .
Two hikers crossing a snowy field , with mountainous terrain behind them .
Two hikers , one wearing a bikini walk on snow .
Two people are hiking in a mountainous region .
Two people in shorts hike on the snow in the mountains with a lake in the background .
Two people walks across a field of snow .
A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water .
A woman climbs up a floating object on the water .
People climb on a structure near water .
Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake .
Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water .
Girls are doing somersaults .
Girls cartwheeling inside .
Little girls do cartwheels in a large , empty room with folding chairs to one side .
Two girls are doing cartwheels as other children stand around watching .
Two girls doing cartwheels , while other children look on .
A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge
A skateboarder is airborne on a bridge .
A skateboard jumps down a bridge .
The skateboarder in the white shirt jumped into the air .
A man in a red uniform makes a jump in a dirt bike race .
a man participates in a bmx race .
Two BMX riders are racing around a bumpy track .
Two people go dirt bike racing .
Two people ride bicycles over a bumpy racetrack .
A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
A cricket player misses the pitch .
A man struck out playing cricket .
A man wearing white , including shin guards , swings the bat in a cricket game .
The three men are playing cricket .
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
Three dogs in the snow by a fence .
Three dogs next to a blue fence in the snow .
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
Two yellow dogs and a small dog walk through snow .
A man playing a piano
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .
A man with a ponytail is playing a decorated piano in the street next to a table with a red cloth .
A man with a ponytail plays a piano in public .
Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
Airplane emitting heavy red colored smoke .
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
A small plane is dropping a red chemical over the mountaintops .
Red spray is being ejected by an orange and white plane flying over the hilltops .
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire .
two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river .
Two people are in a pond pulling a life raft .
Two people are pushing a yellow dinghy through a stream as a man is running towards them .
Two people in brown hats pull a yellow tube in a small pond surrounded by greenery .
Two people trudge through the water with their raft .
A group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade .
People in matching outfits next to a canon .
Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition .
Six men are pushing a large wooden wheel along the ground in front of an audience .
Young adults wearing uniforms wheel a contraption .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in front of a crowd .
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks .
Man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand .
The skateboarder performs a jump in front of a crowd of spectators .
A girl in a white shirt is looking down at a bunch of people sitting on the ground .
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
A group of people gather outside on the pavement , some standing , some sitting .
Group of people standing and sitting outdoors .
Young adults gather near a bright light .
A blonde woman with a red backpack in the snow .
A lady with a headband is in the snow near a red backpack .
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam .
A woman with camping gear is heating something up in the snow .
Woman making drinks outdoors in a snowy landscape .
A black dog is looking through the fence .
A brown dog runs along a fence .
A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
a man talks to a boy .
An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .
Two boys talking while wearing unique outfits .
Two males in period costume are having a conversation .
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
a cyclist
A man riding on a red bicycle .
a man wearing a white and red helmet riding his red bike down the street .
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike .
A man with a red helmet is riding on a red bicycle .
A group of men in period clothing are standing in front of a hut .
A group of people dressed as pirates .
The people are in older looking attire .
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building .
The seven men are gathered .
A group of adults and children play with a parachute outdoors .
A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down .
A group of people holding up a bed sheet like a parachute while two people run underneath to fetch a soccer ball .
Many people raise a large sheet of fabric above their heads .
The group of people is holding a large sheet .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Two people mud wrestling .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
Two women in a mudfight .
Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool
A long haired drummer plays music outdoors .
A man with long hair and tattoos plays a drum outdoors .
A musician plays a drum while his hair covers his face , and tattoos dot his arms .
A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum .
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert .
A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course , while other people are in the background .
A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course
A woman is guiding a brown dog around an obstacle course
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course .
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
A black soccer male soccer player in a purple uniform with a soccer ball on his head , and a white male soccer player in a white uniform behind him .
A man in purple bumps the soccer ball with his head while a man in white battles with him .
A man on the purple team heading the ball in a game against the white team
Two guys colliding while playing soccer
Two guys playing ball and making faces .
Two dogs holding opposite ends of a toy with their mouths swimming .
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water .
Two grey dogs swimming in a lake to retrieve a white toy .
Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .
Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming .
Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass .
These two dogs are outside , with one on the ground and one jumping in the air to get a ball .
Two dog play with ball while one makes a big jump
Two dogs play with a ball in a field .
Two dogs play with tennis ball in field .
a bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
A bike rider catches air near a ramp .
A BMX rider in midair .
A man wearing a green shirt is jumping his bicycle off a ramp .
Cyclist in green shirt doing trick on wooden ramp
a man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall
A rollerblader is sliding down a railing .
A skater slides down a wall beside a long staircase .
A teenage boy is riding a skateboard on the stone handrail of a flight of outdoor steps .
The in-line skater slides down the wall .
A boy holding a rope .
A boy in a plaid shirt plays with string .
A boy wearing a green checked shirt is standing by a tree with a piece of rope .
A boy with rope in the woods .
The boy under the tree holding a rope .
A boy is sitting in a car seat in the backseat of a car .
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
A boy sitting in a car making a surprised face
A young boy is buckled into a car seat making a silly face .
The young boy with a silly face is buckled in a car seat .
A line of women dressed in colorful gowns standing on a round stage .
Several women wearing bright dresses are in a competition .
Several young women in tropical clothing stand on a stage .
Women line up on state in festive dresses in front of an audience .
Young women in dresses standing on a stage
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
a man plays his white guitar .
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing .
Man singing and playing a guitar .
This guitarist is performing .
Girls fighting on karate competition .
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
Two people are performing karate at a tournament .
Two woman are doing karate .
Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another .
A bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind .
A dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind .
A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump .
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
Dirtbike rider jumps over a hill of a racetrack .
a fluffy little dog running through the snow
An ash colored dog is walking forward in the snow .
a small dog walking through the snow
A small tan dog runs through the snow .
A tan dog is walking through snow .
A man in shorts skis down a hill .
A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow .
A skier is skiing down the snow wearing a white shirt and black shorts .
People in summer clothing racing down a snowy hill .
Skiers are competing .
A blonde toddler in a white shirt and green pants standing at a wooden fence .
A blond little boy is standing by a fence .
A blond toddler in green trousers peeks through a fence .
A toddler in green shorts is standing by a wooden fence .
A toddler walks along a fence .
man on the left with his mouth open while the man on the right is raising his hand
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .
Near snowflake sign , man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones .
The man in the blue shirt wearing headphones around his neck is sitting next to the man who is working at a computer .
Two men playing on a computer
A bald man in a black wetsuit flips leaps in the air on a surfboard , holds on to a waterskiing handle
A man doing a trick on a wakeboard
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
A wakeboarder soars through the air .
Male performing water sports acrobatics while being pulled by a boat .
A bald man climbing rocks .
A bald , shirtless man rock climbing .
A man climbing up a rocky cliff
A man with no shirt on is rock climbing .
A rock climber scales a mountain .
A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him .
A father and child enjoy the water .
A man and child wearing a yellow life vest look up from the water .
An open mouthed child in goggles and a yellow life vest poses with a smiling man .
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
A bike rider jumps through the air while being filmed .
A guy on a bike jumps high into the air while another person takes his picture
A man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air .
A man on a BMX bike catches massive air while someone is taking a picture
Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films .
A bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks .
A bird takes off , surrounded by large rocks
A grey bird flies over the water by some rocks .
A large duck in flight over a rocky stream .
A seabird is flying over rocks .
A bird with a long orange bill drinks water .
An egret stretches his neck to eat things out of the still water .
A white crane looks for food in the water .
The white bird stands in water near tall reeds .
The white crane is searching for food in a pond .
A boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand .
A boy with a yellow shirt and light brown shorts is posing with a long dipping spoon in each hand .
A man in orange holds soup ladles and makes a funny face .
A young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .
A young man in an orange shirt brandishes two ladles .
Two children carry flowers as they walk along a grassy track .
two children hold hands and flowers .
Two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers .
Two children walk along a path holding purple flowers .
Two girl walk town a dirt road , holding flowers .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
Two children are walking by a pond
Two figures are walking by a pond .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
a boat floats in the water .
A boat with a red and white sail in a body of water in the back of this scene .
A ship with a red and white sail is in a body of water .
Boat sails in rough water .
Distant boat with striped sail , sailing between two land masses .
A group of people pulling on a rope
three girls tug a rope .
Three people are mountain climbing and the lady in front has long hair .
Three people are pulling a rope on a hillside .
Three women on one side of a tug-of-war
A child in an orange t-shirt is riding a green bike beside a pathway .
A child in red is riding a bicycle .
A child wearing helmet is riding baby bicycle by side of walk path .
A little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail .
A young child is riding a bike in the dirt along a brick walkway in a park .
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers .
Four boys and a girl on a sidewalk and grass .
The girl is playing while four boys look on .
The girl runs in the grass while others watch .
a boy wearing a white shirt and pink shoelaces jumping on a railing
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
A person on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is balancing on the rail of stairs .
A teenage boy jumps off a rail .
Two blond hair ladies are sitting on a park bench near a body of water .
two woman sit on a park bench .
Two women are sitting on a park bench
Two women sitting on a bench by the water .
Two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge .
A big sister in pink is giving her little sister a piggy back ride .
An Asian girl is riding piggy back on another girl as they pass some red tape .
One child carries another child on her back .
One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object .
Two girls in pink shirts looking at a fountain from behind a red velvet rope .
a boy performs a stunt on a BMX bike .
A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle .
a man doing tricks on a bmx bike
An extreme bicyclist is performing a jump with his bicycle and rotating the bicycle while he is in the air .
Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark .
A boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window .
Two boys looking out the window of an RV .
Two boys peer out the window of a RV while one holds a stuffed toy .
Two children peek out the window of an RV with a pet snake .
Two young boys lean out the window of a white RV with their stuffed toy snake .
a man and a woman sit back to back on a bench in front of a building with a colorful painted door .
A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront .
A man and woman sitting back-to-back outside a building .
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun .
Two people are sitting on a bench outside of a decorative building .
A couple and their baby feed pigeons at a park .
A family sits at a park while birds fly around .
A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man .
A man and a woman and a young child surrounded by various birds .
A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons .
A black and brown dog runs along the sand , avoiding an oncoming wave .
A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .
A dog running in the surf .
a dog runs on the shore .
The dog runs next to the crashing waves of the ocean .
Bikers racing , an orange cone in front .
Men race their bikes on a road .
Three bicyclists race around a curve .
Three bicyclists turn on a curve .
Three people on bikes racing through the orange cones .
A man riding a snow machine topples over .
A person on a snowmobile .
A person rides a snowmobile over the snow and does a stunt .
Snowmobiler riding snowmobile with front end up in the air .
Someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie .
A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road .
A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street .
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street .
A man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street .
A shirtless boy throwing something with the sunlight low on the water
A young boy in a swimsuit throws a rock into the water .
A young man throws something in the water .
Boy throwing something into the ocean .
The man is making a throwing motion , while standing on the shore .
A lady and her large brown and black dog out for a run in a grassy place
a woman and her black and brown dog running through a field in the woods
A woman in a white shirt is running with a dog in the grass .
A woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background .
A woman running through a grassy area with a brown and black dog .
A man with a Mohawk with his arms in the air .
A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit
A person in a kilt and a sports jersey and a Mohawk is in a store .
Punk rocker buys computer ink in the big-box store .
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store .
A group of children in the ride called " Frog Hopper " .
A group of children on the " Frog Hopper " ride at a fair .
Five children on a white-metal midair ride called the frog hopper .
Five little kids are on a ride called the Frog Hopper .
Little kids are on an amusement park ride .
a bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a trick on his back tire
A guy on his bike doing a truck on a rocky beach .
A man is performing a trick on a bicycle at a rocky beach .
A man on a white bike doing tricks on rocky ground .
A man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach .
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
A person in the air while skateboarding , in front of a wall of graffiti .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti-covered ramp .
Boy on a skateboard in midair at a skate park
The skateboarder jumps over the ramp .
An empty seat at a Mexican themed restaurant .
A red colored diner features dark red chairs .
Crowded Mexican restaurant , empty chair in foreground .
Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant .
People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .
People walking through a garden in a large city .
People walking through a garden in the middle of a city .
Three people are walking in a park with flowers .
Three people on a walk down a cement path beside a field of wildflowers with skyscrapers in the background .
Three people walking in a park right outside of the city .
A girl in a pink coat plays in the leaves .
A girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air .
A little girl in a pink jacket throwing some leafs up in the air .
A little girl in a pink jacket throws leaves over her head in front of a fence .
A young girl in a pink coat throwing leaves into the air .
A girl in pink and yellow on a pink and orange surfboard cuts through the wave .
a surfer rides the wave .
A woman in a yellow shirt surfs on a pink surfboard .
A woman on a surfboard rides a wave
The girl catches a wave on her pink surfboard .
Couple sitting on bench in front of a water fountain .
The old men are sitting on a bench .
Two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain
Two men sit on a bench in front of a three tier fountain .
Two people sit on a park bench looking at a fountain .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench .
A skateboarder is performing a jump from a wooden bench .
A youth with brown hair is doing an ollie over a bench with his skateboard .
skateboarder in the air by a bench with advertisement
A dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats , during twilight .
A man stands on a dock near several boats , while 2 other men are on one of the boats .
Boats docked at a pier which has three men and a lone palm tree .
Boats parked at a marina at sunset .
There are three people on the dock by the boats .
A black and white dog is going through an obstacle course .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar .
A black dog leaping over a hurdle .
A border collie jumping over a hurdle .
Black and white dog jumping over a blue obstacle
A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair .
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow .
A man skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle .
A person snowboarding leaps over an obstacle to continue down the hill .
A snowboarder jumps over a ramp on a mountain course .
A man playing bagpipes .
a man plays the bagpipes .
A man wearing a coat and a plaid green skirt is playing a bagpipe .
A man wearing a kilt is playing the bagpipes .
an older man playing wearing a quilt the bagpipes outside .
A black dog is jumping out of water .
A black dog jumping in water in the woods .
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline
A dog playing in water .
Animal jumping up from the pond .
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road .
A young boy with a dinosaur shirt on runs at a playground .
The boy wearing a red top is running on a gravel path .
The little boy runs across the gravel .
This boy , wearing a red shirt and blue shorts , is running .
A baby boy cries while sitting in the grass at the park .
a boy cries in the grass .
a little boy crying on the grass
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass .
A bike rider flipping over a black ramp .
A cyclist does a flip in the air .
A man performs motorbike tricks off a ramp in a stadium .
A person rides a jump high into the air and upside down on a bicycle .
Motorcyclist upside down in midair during a daring stunt-leap
A boy is making a huge splash in a paddling pool .
A little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide .
A little boy landing with a splash on a very wet slip & slide .
A young boy sliding down a water slide toy .
Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game .
A girl in a pink dress in midair over a large yellow object .
A girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air .
A girl is jumping .
a young girl jumping through the air on a playground .
A young girl wearing a pink dress jumps through the air over playground equipment .
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .
Two children and a dog play in the snow with a woods behind them .
Two children and a dog running around in snow .
two children and their dog play in the snow .
Two kids and a dog play in the snow .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping out of the water .
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water .
A boy holds a green apple in his mouth .
A boy wearing a life jacket has an apple in his mouth .
A child is holding an apple in his mouth
A young child in a life jacket eats a green apple .
child with a green apple in his mouth is wearing a red life jacket
Lacrosse players struggling for control of the ball .
Lone red team player breaks through two black team players , to hit the ball
Men play field hockey .
Men play some type of sport on the field with what looks like hockey sticks .
Three guys are going for the ball in a field hockey game .
A person in a hoodie and red cap holding pizza and root beer advertisements .
A woman holding signs advertising food
A woman in a pink hooded sweatshirt carrying advertisement signs down a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a pink sweatshirt walks carrying signs .
The lady solicits her restaurants 's products on the street .
a black dog jumping into some water to catch a red and blue Frisbee
A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
A dog is jumping into the water
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat .
A family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
A woman , man , and two children .
Family posing for a picture on top of some rocks by a lake .
Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
Two adults and two children pose on a mountaintop .
A brown dog is walking on a wooded path with white flowers .
A corgi is walking down a path in a forest .
A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers .
A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path .
a dog runs across the path .
A female in a black bikini splashes in the water .
A girl in the water soaking up the sun .
A girl is being splashed by an ocean wave .
A woman is sitting in the water .
A woman splashes in water , with others in the background .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception .
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake .
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .
A dog swimming in a pond .
A dog treads through dark green water .
The black and white dog is swimming in the river .
a bunch of people in camo pants run .
A group of men and woman wearing army pants and a white shirt are running .
A group of men in camouflage pants and white t-shirts are running in a drill yard .
A group of people in army pants running .
A group of people wearing army clothes run together down the street .
a brown and white dog jumping over blue and white poles
A brown and white dog jumps over a dog hurdle .
a brown and white dog jumps over a purple and white hurdle in a field .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
Brown and white dog jumps over purple and white bar .
A group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area
A group of people painting the side of a building in an array of colors .
A mural is being painted on a wall .
Many people work on a brightly-colored street mural .
several people painting a colorful mural on a wall
A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival .
A man holding plastic toys looks away while a man wearing a white hat smiles at the camera .
Two bearded men at a fair .
Two men one with a beard at a carnival .
Two men standing in front of an amusement park ride
A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .
A black dog carefully crosses over some water .
Black dog looking at his reflection in the water .
Black dog near a dock looks into murky water
the black dog jumps on a cinderblock .
A fat woman wearing a blue tank top and a backpack , eating a chili cheese dog
An obese woman holding a chili dog in her right hand .
A woman holding a giant hot dog covered with mustard .
A woman in a blue shirt with a backpack eating a hot dog .
A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hot dog .
A dirt biker in red speeds on clay road while being videotaped by a man in black .
a man wearing a red uniform rides his bicycle up a rocky hill
An off road biker is photographed as he performs another stunt in the dirt .
A person riding on a dirt bike while someone takes a picture .
The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed .
A man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench .
A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard .
A person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground .
A snowboarder in green is balancing on a wodden bench .
Someone in green pants is standing on a snowboard .
A blonde boy is holding a blue umbrella .
A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him .
A wet boy stands under an umbrella .
The kid is under the blue umbrella .
The little boy in the blue t-shirt is smiling under the blue umbrella even though it is not raining .
Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited .
Two girls are standing by a wooden wall looking off to their left .
Two women with black hair stand in front of plywood .
Two young women are leaning up against a wooden wall .
Two young women , one with folded arms , look off screen .
A girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall .
An onlooker sits on the shore of a pool overlooked by massive waterfalls .
A person sits on a rock at the edge of a large waterfall .
A person sitting on a rock by a fall .
A woman is sitting on a rock next to a large waterfall .
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
A large white bird goes across the water
A white bird is flying off the water surface .
a white bird preparing to catch something in the water
The large white bird 's reflection shows in the water .
White bird walking across wet sand .
Three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and head scarves .
three African women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain .
Three women are dressed in African clothes , and two of them are putting on make-up .
Three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing .
Women are putting their robes and headdresses on .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes .
Dirt bikers riding off a jump .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track .
A man is wading in a river and casting out a rope .
A man standing in a lake fishing .
A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing .
A young man in little shorts fishes in a stream .
There is a man fly fishing in a river with trees behind him .
A child swings high at a park .
A young child swinging on a swing at a playground
Two children swinging on swings
Two kids are swinging on a playground .
Two young children ride on the swings at a playground .
Four rugby players on the ground with two standing behind them .
Members of two soccer teams struggle on the field to get the ball .
Soccer players on the ground fighting for the ball .
The rugby players in red are wrestling the player in yellow to the ground .
Three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team .
A girl with a black dress and big white bow stands with her back to the camera .
many people gather outside .
People stand outside watching something .
People with costumes are gathered in a wooded area looking the same direction .
The back of a woman in costume ; little girl looks at her
A brown and white dog is playing with a toy in a field of green grass and clover .
A brown and white dog retrieving a white plushie toy in a field of clover .
A distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field
A dog in grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
The little brown dog is running through a clover field with a white object in its mouth .
A jogger runs up brick stairs for streght training .
A man is skating down a set of stairs .
A skateboarder jumps on brick stairs .
A young man skateboards around the empty outdoor sports arena .
The man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase .
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
A boy wearing a helmet flips up his scooter as he skates between orange cones .
A person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter .
A woman is about to fall off a scooter .
This person is falling off a scooter , in a parking lot .
A woman in a blue sweater with a blue scarf around her head .
A woman in a head covering is looking away from the camera .
A woman is wearing a blue headscarf and a blue sweater .
A woman wearing a teal cardigan with a teal scarf and sunglasses on her head .
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head .
A pelican flies over the water .
A very large bird flying over water .
A white Pelican is flying over the ocean .
The white pelican is flying over the ocean .
white gull flying over ocean
A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches .
A person is doing a trick in the air on a bike while his friend takes a picture .
A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow .
Boy in midair on bicycle
Person doing bicycle jump
A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .
The dog is jumping up beside a red wall .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
The small dog wearing a tutu stands on its hind legs .
a man riding a bike through the forest
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
A person biking near trees .
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area .
There are two ladies embracing and posing shown here .
Two girlfriends smiling .
Two women have their arms around each other and are smiling .
Two women smile for the camera .
Two women with their arms around each other smile .
A closeup shot of three guys and a girl posing for the camera .
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
A woman wearing glasses poses for the camera with three men .
A woman with her arms on the cheeks of two men on either side of her pose while another man peeks over her head .
Three men and a woman posing for picture
A woman and a girl sitting on a front lawn
A woman and girl wearing traditional clothes , sits on the front lawn , reading from a book .
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl .
The girl and a lady are sitting on a blanket , reading a book .
Two women sitting on a blanket on the lawn while sharing a book .
A boy and his bike leaps into the air .
A boy does tricks on a bicycle while in a park .
A boy doing a trick on a bike
A boy is doing tricks on his bike as he flies in the air .
This young biker has his arms out as he tries this trick .
a red covered boat racing across the water
A red high speed racing boat skips across the water .
A red speed boat crosses the water .
A watercraft speeds through the water .
Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water .
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .
A man in a pink shirt playing guitar .
A man in a white suit and a pink shirt plays guitar .
A man wearing pants plays a guitar while onstage .
The man in the white and pink outfit is holding a guitar .
greyhounds racing on a track
A greyhound race with the lead dog wearing yellow and black stripes and the number 8
Dogs racing at a track .
Greyhound dogs race on the track , with # 8 leading the way .
Some greyhound dogs are racing on a dirt track .
a bmx rider , wall rides .
A man does a trick with his bicycle off the side of a wall .
A man jumps with his bike near a brick wall .
Man is performing a trick with a bicycle off a brick wall .
The man rides his bicycle up the brick wall .
A group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer .
Children playing soccer near the goal net .
Four boys playing soccer .
Four children run along a grassy field playing soccer .
The young boy in the red shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running .
Two wet boys in swim trunks run .
two young boys competing in a race .
Two young boys in bathing suits walk
Young boys running along the pavement .
A man surfing .
A person surfs in the ocean .
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
Surfer riding a wave
Surfer wearing a wetsuit at the crest of a wave .
A girl in a colorful dress and sunglasses is playing a violin on the street .
a red haired woman playing the violin
A woman in a dress plays violin outside .
A woman plays a violin outdoors .
A woman wearing a plaid dress plays an instrument while standing near a tree .
a dog drinks the sprinkler water .
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass .
A small terrier plays in a sprinkler .
The little black and white dog is running in the sprinkler .
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water .
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
Children jump off the edge into a pool .
Three girls jump into a pool .
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together .
A boy on a play horse at the park points to the slide .
a boy rides a toy horse .
A little boy is riding a mechanical horse at the playground .
A small boy rides a on a playground toy while pointing to a slide .
A young fair skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground .
A bunch of vintage cars are parked in a lot .
An antique car that is yellow is shown lined up with other cars .
People admire classic cars .
Several old fashioned cars are parked together .
Some old people admiring classic cars park in front of them .
A couple in a parking lot .
A couple walks past a car in a parking lot .
A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front .
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament .
A brown and black dog is jumping through a sprinkler .
A dog playing with a sprinkler
A German Shepherd runs through a sprinkler .
A tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard .
The German shepherd dog is jumping up as it is being squirted with a jet of water .
A man performing martial arts kicks his opponent .
During a martial arts match , a man attempts to kick the other in the face .
Two men compete in a karate tournament .
Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting .
Two people in white with black belts are having a karate match .
A bike in a field and two kites
A kid is riding a bike in an open field .
A landscape picture of a motorcyclist and a person flying kites .
Kites attached to wheeled devices in a field
two people fly kites in a field
A group of people ride in a race
A large group of bicycles riding their bikes .
Bicycles in a race .
Bikers participate in a race .
There are many men racing on their bicycles .
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .
An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing .
A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle .
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .
This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail .
A man and woman sitting in chairs next to a turquoise truck .
An older couple chats near a bright colored car .
There is a man and a woman sitting on folding chairs , outside next to a truck .
Two old people sitting in chairs talking in front of a hill .
Woman and man sit next to their green truck .
A baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air .
A baseball player in a white uniform is walking to base while a crowd of people watch from the bleachers .
A baseball player near home plate .
A baseball player raises the bat above his head .
A baseball player runs to catch the ball .
A black dog is colliding with a golden dog that has something in its mouth .
A black dog trying to mate with a brown dog
A brown dog and a yellow dog play fight over a plastic bottle .
A brown dog is climbing over a golden dog that is carrying bottle in its mouth .
Two dogs play with a bottle .
A balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .
A bald man wearing glasses .
A man in a brown coat in front of a sign with a tree .
A man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign .
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window .
An elderly woman is sitting by a window reading .
A woman reads a book in front of a window .
A woman with her head down and her hand to her mouth sitting beside someone reading .
There is an old woman in front of a window .
Four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside .
Four dogs jumping in the air in a field .
Four dogs look at an object in the sky , one jumping to reach it .
Four dogs watch an unseen object , two of them leaping in the air .
Two dogs on hind legs and two seated dogs are looking at something in the air .
A man balances a knife on his arm as another man watches .
A man has a knife on his arm and another man is watching .
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby .
A young man shows off a knife trick to another .
The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm .
A baby is lifted into the air by a man wearing no shirt .
A child being held over the head of an adult .
A man and a young child .
A man with no shirt holding a baby aloft .
Man raising young boy into the clear blue sky .
One man kicks another in the shoulder at a martial arts event .
Two martial artists compete in a match .
Two men are participating in a karate match .
Two men in an oriental fighting contest .
Two men in karate uniforms kicking each other .
a large woman puts her sunglasses on .
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses .
a woman wearing a black and white outfit while holding her sunglasses .
The lady is holding her glasses .
The woman with blond hair holds her sunglasses .
A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp .
A man on inline skates in midair
a skateboarder wearing a white cap is doing a stunt in a city skate park .
A young man is skateboarding on a ramp and is standing on one arm .
Man standing on one arm with feet in the air on playground equipment with a body of water in the background .
two people leaning against a railing outside the enterance of a building
Two people standing on a porch .
Two woman stand near a door .
Two women standing outside community library
Two women stand outside a library .
A man jumping onto a platform .
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off .
A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp .
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb .
The man does a trick on his skateboard on a concrete ramp .
A little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby .
A man , baby , and child sit in front of a birthday cake .
A man holding a baby and an older child admire a birthday cake with candles .
A man holding a baby with a girl and a birthday cake .
Candles are lit on a cake while a man holds a baby .
A bicycler balances his bike on a rail .
A biker is riding down the stairs on his bike at night .
A boy rides his red bicycle down the handrail of a staircase in a city .
A guy grinding a rail in a park on his bike
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail .
A lady sitting on a front porch reading a book .
A person sits at a doorstep and reads a book .
A woman is reading literature and sitting on the front stoop of a building .
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door .
A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building .
A man and a young child walk along the beach shore .
A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean .
A man at the beach holding a pail , standing next to a child .
A man with a bucket and a girl in a hat on the beach .
The man is wearing a black shirt , holding a pail , and walking with a child next to the water .
A little girl buried in the sand .
A little girls waist high in sand
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach .
The small baby in a yellow has the lower half of her body buried in sand .
A little girl rides a toy bike and laughs .
A little girl rides a tricycle .
A little girl rides a tricycle .
A young girl rides on a toy bicycle with her mouth open .
Little girl riding her toy on the sidewalk .
A dog standing in a rocky area .
A small brown dog stands on a driveway near wooden poles with his tongue sticking out .
Orange dog looks over shoulder , near posts in rural area .
The golden dog is standing by logs in a parking lot .
The light brown dog is in an uncrowded parking lot
A baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says " love " .
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .
A baby with red hat sits in his stroller .
a litttle baby plays with her teddy bear .
Baby wearing red hat in car seat .
A girl in a costume participates in a parade .
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street .
A girl in a red and white costume with onlookers behind her .
A small girl dancing in a parade wearing bright red and gold clothes .
Children in flamboyant red , white , and gold costumes dancing in a parade .
A child in a black cap sleeping across two chairs .
A small boy in a hat asleep on a padded bench .
A small child sucks his thumb while sleeping with a pink blanket on a multi-colored seat .
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
Small boy sleeping on seats and sucking his thumb .
Two boys are playing on a trampoline .
Two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .
Two teenage boys in black swim trunks play on a trampoline .
Two wet boys in swim trunks are sitting on a trampoline
Young laughing boys on a wet vinyl mat .
A man dressed in an Indian costume plays the drums .
A man in black-yellow carnival feathers , playing the drum .
A man in costume drums in a parade .
A man wearing an Indian costume is playing a snare drum .
There is a man in a black and yellow outfit playing the drums .
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
Two boys with long blond hair are climbing on a hillside .
Two boys with water wings climb a tree .
Two children posing for a picture wearing water wings and sitting on a rock .
Two little boys are sitting on a clump of dirt .
A girl in water-wear has skipped a stone off an enclosed body of water .
A girl throws rocks into a lake .
A girl throws stones and watches the lake splash .
a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake .
A woman skipping rocks on a lake
A blond child is playing with a metal yard ornament .
A child dressed in blue sits next to plants .
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed .
A child plays outside by a garden .
A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden .
A boy with blue eyes hanging off a play set .
A child smiles and hangs off a small train .
A little boy is hanging off a red playground .
A young boy smiling while hanging from outdoor play equipment .
A young boy with blue eyes plays on a red and yellow playground set .
A little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around .
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass .
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass .
Little boy puts his forehead on the baseball bat and spins around to make himself dizzy .
The little boy is wearing red shorts and a white t-shirt and has his head resting on a baseball bat .
A woman points at somthing while antoher woman touches her hand at a bar .
Men and women are standing closely together , some with drinks in their hands .
The girls are having a drink .
two girls drink at a party .
While at a party drinking , a woman points at someone while her friend tries to put her hand down .
A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette .
A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette .
A man in a black shirt with a cigarette in front of others .
A man in black smokes a cigarette in a basement .
A man stands near a wall and smokes a cigarette .
A large man at a party , with a drink in his right hand .
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand .
A robust man with his mouth open in a white shirt and glasses holding a drink near other people .
Bearded overweight man carrying drink and yawning .
Overweight man with beard in white shirt holding a drink at a bar , dancing .
A man in a patterned shirt holds a beer bottle .
A man in a printed shirt holding a drink .
A man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand .
A man with a beer in his hand and people behind him .
A man with brown hair is wearing a button up shirt .
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera .
A woman dressed in black .
A woman in black clothes with one leg up .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage , a great tatoo , and some kicking boots .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
A small young girl in a pink shirt drinking a large chocolate milkshake .
A young girl dressed in pink with a hair barrette pursing her lips at a big chocolate milkshake .
A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass .
A young girl looks excitedly at a large milkshake .
There are two people with backpacks walking on the side of a grassy hill .
Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots .
two mountain climbers climbing up a large grassy mountain .
Two people are hiking up a grassy hill .
Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline .
A boy in a green shirt above something blue .
a small boy getting tossed into the air
A young boy jumps around on a blue mat with a half-smile on his face .
A young boy plays in front of a blue object .
The boy wearing the green shirt is climbing on a blue inflatable .
A boy pitches in a baseball game .
A boy winding up for a pitch .
A young baseball player winds up to throw the ball .
A young person pitches in a baseball game .
The baseball player is throwing the ball .
A hiker ascends a snowy hill .
A man reaches the top of a tall sand dune .
A person is hiking to the top of a hill .
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky .
The person is wearing shorts and climbing a gray sand hill under a blue sky .
A brown dog with a green ball sit in the snow .
A brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball .
A dog sits in the snow with a tennis ball .
A little dog sits in the snow next to his green toy .
Dog in snow , with ice on fur and yellow ball .
Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf .
Three girls do handstands at the beach .
Three girls doing back flips on the beach .
three little girls cartwheel in the ocean .
Three young girls playing on the beach .
a climber is scaling a reddish colored rock face .
a lone man climbing a huge rock wall
A man climbing a cliff .
A man climbing a rock cliff .
The man is scaling a large copper boulder .
A blond toddler wearing a blue sweater , riding on a wooden toy .
A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby .
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy .
A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment .
Boy in a blue shirt riding on a toy .
Many people wearing silver leotards are riding bikes on the street .
Several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street .
Three people in reflective clothing riding bikes .
Three people in reflective white on bikes .
Three people in silver suits are riding bikes in the city .
A couple shops at an antique store .
A woman in a yellow coat is seated next to a standing man in a red jacket in a diner .
a woman sitting on a stool wearing a tan leather jacket
Three people at Asian tattoo parlor .
Two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor .
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing .
A woman skier in yellow and black races down the slope in front of the snow-covered trees .
A woman skiing down a slope .
A woman snow skiing in a yellow jacket and black pants .
The woman in the yellow jacket is riding on snow skates .
A boy peeks his head through a painted picture .
A child poses within a mock pumpkin head .
A child stand behind a cutout picture .
little boy with face inside a painted pumpkin
The child has his head in the frame of the painting .
A little boy with a bib on is watching the camera .
A small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware .
A tan-skinned child looking at the camera .
A young boy winks as he is eating .
The little boy is holding a spoon in his hand whilst winking one eye .
A blond boy slides into a green backyard pool .
A boy is splashing at the foot of a green water slide in a paddling pool .
A young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him .
Child is splashing around in a green and blue pool .
There is a small child playing in a green kiddy pool .
A girl dives into the water while another girl watches her .
A girl in a black two-piece is leaping into the water .
A woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake .
A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water .
A woman in a black swimsuit is jumping in a lake .
A boy at the end of a slip and slide .
a boy is being splashed in the face whilst riding a blue ring along a yellow water slide
A young boy slides down a water slide with his eyes closed .
A young boy slides on a Slip 'n' Slide .
A young boy splashes down a water slide on a lawn .
A boy hanging onto a pole .
A kid in a green shirt playing in the park
A little kid swings on a pole at a playground .
The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole .
The boy is swinging on a pole at the beach .
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers
A girl holds a bouquet of flowers
A little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers .
A little girl holds orange lilies while others celebrate an occasion in a garden setting .
Young girl in orange dress holding orange flowers .
A girl in a swimsuit stands in the spray of water , a bicycle in the background .
A little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain .
A little girl reacts to a spray of water .
A young girl in a green bathing suit getting splashed with water .
A young girl wearing a green bathing suit has water sprayed on her back .
A baby girl in an orange dress gets wet as she stands next to a water sprinkler .
A blonde toddler wearing an orange dress is wet and standing beside a sprinkler in a yard .
A child in a dress is looking at a sprinkler
A little girl in an orange dress is running through the sprinkler in the yard .
On wet grass , little blond girl in orange dress plays in sprinkler .
One dog is standing whilst two other dogs are running in the snow .
Three dogs are playing around in the snow .
Three dogs chasing each other in the snow .
Three dogs play in snow .
Two dogs play together in the snow .
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them .
The dogs are playing in the snow .
Three dogs are in the snow , and one is wearing a winter coat .
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket .
Three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background .
A white dog is running along a path outside .
A white dog travels along a narrow path in a park setting .
A yellow dog running along a forest path .
The two-tone dog is running down the trail .
White dog traveling alone down a paved path through some woods
A dog is jumping over a log in a wooded area while carrying another log .
A dog with a stick in his mouth jumps over a fallen tree in the forest .
Dog carries stick and jumps over a log .
The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods .
The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth .
A black and brown dog is running between two cement barriers with snow .
a dog runs down the cold aisle .
Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears .
The black and brown dog walks toward the camera , in an enclosed , snowy area .
The brown and black dog is running through a snowy street .
A furry dog is running through a doorway leading to plants .
A furry , tan dog is outside on a patio .
A short , furry dog stands on a brick floor in front of a group of potted plants .
A very hairy dog is running down a hall .
Flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step .
A brown and black dog runs through the leaves .
A brown dog is running .
A brown dog with a red collar jumping across a leafy lawn .
A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard .
The brown dog is wearing a red collar .
A crowd walks along a sidewalk of a farmers market .
A street market filled with white tents , pedestrians , and vendors .
A woman looks over a table of organic vegetables at a farmer 's market .
Men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace .
Street with many white tents with display table with people walking nearby .
a fruit stand with a group of people standing around it .
A group of people are standing in Linet at a fruit stand .
A group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market .
Many people stand near a fruit vendor on a street .
People shopping at a fruit stand .
A group of people stand at a farmers market on a dreary day .
a white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it .
People shop for fresh produce at an outdoor market in the city .
People visiting a street market .
Several people shop at an outdoor farmer 's market on a cloudy day .
a busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
A lady crosses a busy road on the crosswalk .
A woman crosses a street while traffic lines up in the opposite direction .
Street with traffic with one person in crosswalk , two others at corner and one person sitting on ground .
Woman walking in crosswalk near a busy street .
a firetruck fights a fire .
a yellow firetruck is parked next to a fire with a man on a ladder pouring water on it
Firefighters putting out a big fire .
Fireman fighting a fire .
People putting out a fire .
A black dog is swimming while carrying a tennis
a black dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth
a black dog swims through the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
A brown dog is chewing on a bone with a stuffed animal underneath it .
a dog chews on a bone .
Big brown dog chews on bone lying down .
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .
Brown dog chews on bone while laying on the rug .
Two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing after a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing a red ball
Two West Highland Terriers chase a red ball .
Two white dogs chase after a red ball in a yard in front of a white fence .
Four dogs are being walked by two owners .
Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk .
Four little dogs on leashes take a walk on a wide path .
Four small dogs on leashes walking in a park .
Someone is walking their dogs .
A white dog and two black dogs playing
A white poodle and 2 black poodles are playing on the grass .
A white poodle and two black poodles are playing in the grass on an autumn day .
A white poodle is climbing over a black poodle , who is in turn climbing over another black poodle .
Two black dogs and one white dog interact .
A boy is putting the cone end of a melting ice cream cone in his mouth .
A boy with his eyes closed eats the bottom of an ice cream cone .
A young boy eating ice cream .
A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone .
Little boy is eating the rest of the ice cream cone from the bottom up .
a man fishes in the ocean .
A man fly fishes in the ocean .
A man fly fishing .
A man is fishing in knee-high waves of water .
The person is fishing , with waves splashing around him .
A brown dog plays with a stick .
A brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt .
A lean light brown dog has his head down on the ground playing with a stick .
A tan dog rests his head in the sand .
Two dogs and a person .
Two cyclists atop a hill as seen from below .
two cyclist wearing red shirts going over a red hill
Two people in red outfits riding their bicycles down a dirt road .
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .
Two people riding their bikes on a hill .
A man and a woman are biking on a sunny day .
Man and woman cyclists ride pass signs on rural road .
Two bicyclists ride down a hill .
Two friends bike down a hill .
Two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .
A collie running through the snow .
A Sheltie dog carries a white-colored toy in its mouth as it walks across the snow .
Dog with a toy in the snow .
The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth .
A black dog in a pink sweater is up on his hind legs in front of a pink blanket .
A dog on two feet wearing a pink sweater .
A dog wears a pink sweater .
a little puppy wearing a pink sweater , jumps .
The dog is wearing a pink sweater .
A girl wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans has on some white headphones and is walking .
A girl wearing earphones walks past a traffic cone .
A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod , walks down the street
A woman wearing headphones is walking past a road cone .
A woman wearing headphones walks down the street .
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land .
The two dogs are fighting outside in the snow .
Two brown dogs playing in snow
two dogs are wrestling in a snow covered field .
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A man crouched in the bare branches of a fallen tree .
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants crouches on a fallen tree trunk .
A man in tan capris , brown sandals , and a white t-shirt , crouches on the trunk of a tree .
A man is crouched on top of a horizontal tree .
A man sitting in the middle of branches on a fallen tree .
A black dog carries a huge stick in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a huge stick whilst walking in the snow .
A dog carries a huge , snow covered stick .
A dog carries a very large tree branch in the snow .
The brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow .
A black dog and a brown dog are standing next to each other in the snow .
A little tan dog is in confrontation with a large black dog in the snow .
A scruffy golden dog meeting a black Doberman in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs standing in snow .
A dog walking along the side of a house in the snow .
A white dog is walking by a building in the snow .
A white dog next to a basement window .
a white dog walking on some rocks along a house in the snow .
A white dog walks in the snow
a brown dog about to jump on a smaller black and tan dog
Large dog playing with smaller dog
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs playing in the grass with an adult nearby .
Two dogs playing with each other .
A black dog runs along a field where black birds are beginning to fly .
A dark colored dog running in a field with multilple birds in the background .
A dog runs at birds taking flight
A grey dog chases a bunch of crows , a river in the background .
The dog chases the birds in the field .
a boy plays with a train set .
A boy takes off his glasses while playing with his toy trains .
A little boy is playing with some trains .
a small child wearing a blue shirt playing with his glasses .
A young boy pulling down his eye glasses and looking a toy trains
A girl in a white cap eats a slice of fruit next to a girl in a blue cap who is eating chocolate .
One young girl eats fruit while another eats chocolate .
Two children taking in a snack .
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks .
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in the snow .
A dog running with something in its mouth
a dog runs across the snow .
A dog with a frisbie in his mouth is running in a snowy field .
Tan dog with a toy running in the snow .
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A closeup of a small black and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth .
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth , field and building .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A person peaks their head out of a tent set up in a snowy field .
A woman emerges from her snow covered tent .
a woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain .
A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day .
The camper opens up to see snow all around .
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain .
A woman in a tank and sunglasses climbs a sunny but snow-covered slope .
A woman wearing a black hat and white sunglasses walks up a snowy and steep path .
A woman wearing short sleeves and sunglasses is backpacking up a snowy mountain cliff .
Woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her .
A hiker climbs a mountain on a windy day .
a man walking up a mountain with snow on the surface
A person hikes across a grass and snow covered plain
Person walking across a snow covered mountain .
The man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain .
A girl treks through the snow with her backpack on .
A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain .
A hiker using hiking poles on a snowy mountain .
Someone hikes through a snowy mountain range
The woman is hiking up a snowy hill .
A man gesticulates .
A man in a white shirt holding both hands out .
An elderly male wearing a white Wal Mart smock with his arms and hand extended in front of him .
A old man in a Wall Mart unifrom holds his arms out to the camera .
a walmart worker wearing a white coat .
A brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball .
A dog jumps to meet a soccer ball flying towards it .
A dog stands on one leg and tries to get a soccer ball .
Black and white dog jumps for ball .
The brown and white dog is jumping up in an attempt to catch a ball .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
a male skater is riding a yellow rail
A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night .
An inline skater boy balances on a yellow rail .
A skater does a trick on a yellow handrail .
A dog jumping up to touch a woman 's hand .
a dog jumps to an elderly woman .
An airborne dog on a leash with a woman .
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's hand .
The woman in the blue sweater encourages the dog to jump in the air .
a black dog digging through the snow .
A black dog digs in the snow .
A large black dog is digging in the deep snow .
A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow .
Black dog digging in white snow .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .
Two brown dogs are running over snow in a line .
Two brown dogs walking through snow .
two dogs running in the snow
Two weimaraners running in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking along a tan and blue wall
A boy in stripes walking along a ledge .
a boy scales the wall .
A child in a striped shirt is walking along a wall .
Boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge .
A black and white dog , with a red cap on its head , yawning .
A dog that is wearing a red cap is standing by a guitar with its mouth wide open .
A dog wearing a hat stretches open its mouth .
A dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide .
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap , and has its mouth wide open .
A large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house .
A large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog .
A large black dog relaxes while a small brown dog investigates nearby a doorway .
two dogs play together .
Two dogs tussling on a dog bed , with a french door and a Persian rug in the background .
A black lab is running in a race .
A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day .
The big , black , running dog is wearing a strap around its chest .
The black dog is running through the clearing .
The large black dog is running through a grassy area .
A woman at an outdoor food stand .
A woman makes a purchase at an outdoor vendor .
The woman in the red jacket looks as if she was buying something from the open air vendor .
The woman is purchasing a product
Woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor .
A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out .
A firefighter responding to a car fire .
A fireman pulling out a firehose next to a blue car engulfed in flames .
The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire .
The fireman is pulling the hose to a car fire .
A couple shopping for plants and flowers .
Man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop
People are waiting outside a lawn and garden seller .
The man has his arm around the woman in a flower market .
The man has his arm on the woman as they shop in an outdoor market .
a dog on a leash jumps over a stone wall .
A dog on a leash tries to get over a rock wall .
A dog owner watches their dog climb over the rocky outline of a walking path .
Dog on a red leash with a woman .
Grey and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall .
A Chinese Dragon at a
A man stands between two flags and behind another man carrying a dragon mask .
An Asian man is carrying a green flag whilst leading a carnival dragon in a parade .
An elderly Asian man is bearing a green flag in a dragon parade .
Asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background
A group of teenage boys on a road jumping joyfully .
Four boys running and jumping .
Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back .
Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy .
sveral young man jumping down the street
A golden retriever on a leash moves through snow .
A large golden retriever on a leash standing in the snow .
A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow .
Tan dog on lead standing on surface covered with white snow .
The small dog on the leash is walking through the snow .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach .
A brown dog with white paws running on the beach .
There are two dogs running on the beach outside .
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
Two dogs run along a beach .
A man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth .
A man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera .
A startled man wearing a blue jacket is looking at the camera .
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
Man in blue is posing for the camera .
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
One girl sitting down reading and another girl standing in front of her .
one girl sitting on a nech near a tree while another stands next to her on the sidewalk .
Two people on a street ; one sitting on the planter surrounding a tree .
Two women , one sitting and one standing , near a tree .
A man walking a small white and a big white dog on leashes .
A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes .
A man walking two dogs down a street .
A man walks two dogs in the city .
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
The back of two men 's heads riding on a train .
The backs of the heads of two men that are plugging their ears while riding the subway .
Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway .
Two men on a busy subway , seen from behind ,
Two people sitting together on a subway listening to earphones .
A man attached to strings is watched by a crowd .
A man stands below a crowd .
People on a cruise ship deck , and overlooking the deck .
People stand on the balcony and deck of a boat .
The people on the balcony are controlling the man in the white shorts like a puppet .
A dog 's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
a dog tries to bite another dog .
two black and white dogs fighting with each other
Two dogs play on the wooden floor inside .
Two dogs play with each other on a wood floor .
A bald man stands in a snowy side street .
A bald man wearing a jacket looks at icy sidewalk .
A man is standing on an icy street with a building beside him .
A man wearing a gray coat looks to the right on a snowy street .
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street .
A small white dog jumping to catch a tennis ball .
A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball .
A white dog is in the air with a ball in its mouth .
A white dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
A white dog with a black collar jumps up to catch a tennis ball
One child reaches up for something while another stands beside him .
One child with a colourful toy and another child reaching up .
Two babies in sweaters playing with a toy .
Two children have expressions of happiness as they reach for something out of sight .
Two kids playing on a street
A military man says hello to a group of children waving American flags .
a veteran in a brown uniform at a parade with children and American flags
Military official greets children who are waving American flags .
The man in the military uniform greets children waving American flags .
Young children waving American flags for a soldier
A black dachshund sniffs another dog wearing a striped shirt .
A dog wearing a striped sweater touches noses with another dog .
A white dog wearing a zepra print shirt is nose to nose with a black dog wearing a pink collar .
A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses .
Two dogs meeting nose to nose .
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow .
Dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
A brown dog carries something in his mouth while walking through snow .
A dark-colored dog walking across snow with something in its mouth .
A dog carries an object in the snow .
A dog walks through the snow while blindfolded carrying something in his mouth .
The brown dog has an object in his mouth .
A man is shoveling snow during a sunrise .
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets .
A mist overshadows a man in winter gear and the winter landscape in front of him .
A person stands in a snowy area looking down .
Man walking through the deep snow at dusk .
A black and gray dog
two black dogs fight .
two black poodles fighting .
Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy , manicured lawn .
Two small black dogs facing each other with their mouths open .
A big dog is running in the grassy field with woods behind him .
a dog runs across the land .
A German Shepherd jumping in midair .
A German shepherd leaps in midair .
Black and brown dog runs through field .
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet .
A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet .
A little brown dog stares at a tennis ball on an orange carpet .
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug .
The dog crouched on the orange rug and stared at the tennis ball .
A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine .
A man sitting on an empty train
A man with a black hat and black beard is reading a magazine sitting on a blue bench .
A man with a hat sits in a booth and reads .
The man reading a magazine is sitting in the large room .
A person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge .
A woman in a bright safety jacket is standing next to large pipes .
A woman wearing a fluorecent safety jacket stands near equipment .
a woman wearing a neon jacket standing next to a large machine .
The woman is wearing a yellow jacket and blue pants .
A black and white dog is leaping from a snowy path .
A brown and white dog jumps in the air to catch a snowball .
A dog jumps up and tries to catch a lump of snow .
Dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods .
The white and brown dog leaps into the air , above snow covered ground .
An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building .
An older dark haired woman is taking a picture
A woman in a red coat takes a picture near marble columns at twilight .
A woman wearing a red coat begins to take a picture .
A group of young boys fight over a bag of trash .
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter .
Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper .
Three people are outside with something on the grass .
Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag .
A lady standing outside a street with a red purse and scarf on .
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .
A woman is walking with a red bag .
A woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf , black gloves and hat and red handbag .
The woman wears a blue coat , black hat , and red scarf , while holding a red bag .
animals in the snow
Two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow .
Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open .
Two dogs try to bite each other while laying in the snow .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow .
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse .
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road .
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
A person in a blue cowboy hat rides a horse down a dirt trail .
The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse .
a man climbs a mountain .
A man climbs the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs a wall in nature .
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
two men climbing a mountain
A rock climber .
There are two people rock climbing , one is on the ground while the other climbs .
two men climb a large rock .
Two people rock climbing .
Two rock climbers scaling a sheer cliff .
A blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A person climbing a rock face .
a rock climber
A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down .
A man in a lime green vest directs traffic
A policeman wearing a green vest blows his whistle and moves his arms .
A policeman wearing a neon green vest has a whistle in his mouth while directing traffic .
A police officer in a yellow vest directs traffic .
A traffic director wears a yellow safety suit marked , " Seattle Police . "
A construction worker drills a hole into the ground .
A man wearing a hi-viz jacket is drilling into the road .
A man wearing a yellow vest works in the street .
The construction worker is drilling into the street near a street with active traffic .
The man in the construction gear uses a large , red drill .
A hiker on a snow-covered mountain overlooking a valley .
A man carrying a backpack stands on a snowy area .
A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background .
a man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background
A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow .
Child wearing a Green Bay coat carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat .
Two children and walking through the snow carrying a sled .
Two small children in snow clothes are walking through the snow while one carries a red sled
two young kids walking towards the sidewalk out of the snow .
A climber wearing a red shirt is climbing a rock face on a snowy day .
A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands .
A man is climbing over a short but sheer rocky cliff .
A mean wearing a red shirt clinging to a rock face .
A person scales a rock .
A black and brown dog attempts to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A brown and black dog approaching a red ball .
A brown and black dog is trying to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A dog with mouth open to catch the red ball .
A tan and black dog opens its mouth for a red ball .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another .
A man doing tricks in the snow .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
Three people at with their backs to the camera at an internet bar .
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers .
Three people work on their laptops inside a store .
A group of hikers climb rocky terrain .
Five backpackers hiking along a rocky slope .
five hikers walk down the hillside .
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill .
The hikers descend on the mountain .
A brown and black dog fetching a tennis ball in a lake .
A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball .
A dog is running through the water chasing after a ball .
A dog is shaking off water in a lake as a red and green tennis ball floats by .
A dog playing with a ball in water
A black and brown dog in a grassy , well-lit area with his mouth partially open .
A dog running fast with his ears flying .
Black and brown dog with mouth open upright on green grass .
The black and brown dog is running on the grass .
The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth .
A dog in a life jacket sitting on a boat with a man in the cockpit .
A man looking at his small white dog wearing an orange life jacket
a shite dog in an orange life vest looking at a man in a blue shirt while riding in a boat .
A white dog in a life jacket looks at a man in a boat .
A white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat .
a boy wears a red coat .
A child in a red coat stands near a funny decoration .
A child wearing a coat looks back at someone .
The boy is dressed in a red coat and stands next to a statue .
The girl in the red jacket is next to a picture of a funny face .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
A woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building .
The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall .
A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background
A person sits in a brown chair and is holding bags in their hand .
a woman sitting on a large brown couch in the middle of a mall
A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall .
Three people , one sitting , two standing , are in a mall .
A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him .
A man on a narrow dock plays with his dog that is jumping out of the water .
A woman kneeling on a dock throws a ball to a dog that is jumping in the water .
A woman kneels at the edge of a dock reaching toward a dog leaping nearby in the water .
Dog leaps from water while woman kneels on the dock playing with him
A black and brown dog runs through the snow next to some trees .
A dog in the snow .
A dog is running in the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
a dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride
A man is standing in front of glass doors with a blue spot and a pink spot .
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
A man stands at the entrance of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts .
A man walking through glass double doors .
Person standing at glass doors with big blue circle and big pink circle
A medium brown dog is jumping over a short brick wall surrounding some dirt .
A puppy jumps off a low brick wall .
a small tan dog is jumping over a brick wall
A small tan dog jumps off of a brick enclosed garden .
The small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
Three dogs affectionately playing
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other .
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog , which has its tongue sticking out .
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it .
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
A man is walking a grey dog on the grass using a long leash .
A man walks a black dog on a very long leash .
A woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky .
A child is eating something very close to the camera while other children sit at a table behind him .
A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch .
Asian children eating together .
Three children eating food at a table .
Two asian children are looking at another child who is eating in a restaurant .
A boy holds a blue stick , as a man holds a pinata above him .
A child gets ready to swing at a pinata .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a pinata with a blue baseball bat .
Boy in red shirt getting ready to hit the pinata .
the young boy takes a swing at the pinata .
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .
Two dog play in the snow .
Two dogs , one with a tennis ball in his mouth , play together in the snow .
Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow .
Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow .
A boy in red shorts rides a yellow body-board on a breaking wave .
A boy surfs on a yellow board across the bright blue wave .
A surfer with a yellow board rides a wave .
Guy on yellow surfboard catching a wave
Young man rides ocean wave on yellow surfboard .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog buries its head in the snow .
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
Dog with head in snow .
The large black dog is digging in the snow .
A group camps in a desolate area .
A group of people are camping out on some rocks .
A small group of people stands in a rocky field surrounded by camping equipment and patches of snow .
People with camping equipment on rocky ground .
three cold men set down their supplies in a ditch .
A girl with a pink headband and blue shirt is drumming on blue plastic and metal bowls with chopsticks .
A little asian girl banging on pans .
A young Chinese girl playing the drums with two chopsticks , a pot , and a blue plastic bowl .
A young girl with a pink headband hits a dish and pan with chopsticks .
The child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items .
A black dog is running in snow .
A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground .
A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
A dog running on snow and ice .
A dog with black and brown fur runs in the snow .
A man in black looks out over a snowy landscape .
A man looks out over frozen tundra .
A man wearing black clothes , standing and looking out over a snowy scene .
A person in dark clothing takes a snapshot of a snowy scene .
A person taking pictures outside in the snow .
A girl spins a merry-go-round at a playground .
A little girl pushes a merry go round in a park while two other kids hold on . ee
Children playing on a playground .
Children playing on a roundabout .
Little girl spinning playground merry-go-round as other kids ride .
A man in blue rock climbing .
A man , wearing glasses , is rock climbing .
a middle aged woman climbs a mountain .
An adult wearing a harness climbs in a rocky area .
Person in blue shirt scales wall .
A fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze .
A small white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs in the grass ,
A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
The little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
a man dressed in a batman costume .
A man dressed like late 80 's movie Batman .
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume .
A man is wearing a Batman costume with a cape .
A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture .
A family of five is watching a performer standing on a stepstool .
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
A half-naked performer is performing for a small crowd outside .
A man in a small bathing suit standing on a stool at a tourist location
A mostly nude man standing on a stool while a family of 5 look at him questioningly .
A hiker in a red on a snowy peak .
A person in a red jacket and a red hardhat stands near a mountain .
A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock .
A woman wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .
The person wearing the red hardhat is on the mountain .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
Girl climbing rock wall
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
Young woman climbing rock face
A dog is running and jumping through the woods
A dog races through the woods .
A dog running in the woods .
A dog running quickly through the woods .
a dog runs through the woods .
Two girls hanging upside down on a park structure .
Two girls hang upside down at a park
Two girls play on a jungle gym .
Two little girls are hanging upside-down on a climbing frame .
Two young girls playing outside on the playground .
A black and tan dog is walking over a shoreline with many small sand hills .
a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach .
a dog in the beach
A dog walking on a wet beach .
A small black and tan dog walking in wet sand .
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .
A dog running at the shore of a lake , hill in the background .
A white dog is running in a pond near the shore .
A white dog running through the water on the shore 's edge .
The white dog ran in the shallow water .
A surfboard is shown gliding through the water with a person standing on it .
A surfer rides a green board over the waves .
A surfer rides the wave out .
This man is surfing .
Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave .
A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed .
A puppy jumps on a bed with purple sheets .
A puppy on a bed with blue sheets and pillow .
A small black and brown puppy is looking up
The dog is on the bed .
A group of dogs standing by a car
A pack of dogs fighting near a car in an alley .
a pack of dogs roughhousing by a car on a dirty street .
Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car .
Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets .
A few dogs swimming in a lake .
A group of dogs in water playing with toys and balls .
A group of dogs playing in a large pool .
Many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park .
Several dogs swim in a pool and two black dogs are playing tug of war with a toy .
A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls .
A little kid dressed in blue , playing in a boat ,
A small child in a cap is sitting on a large seat with hands through a steering wheel .
A small child in a pretend car .
The boy has his arms through the steering wheel
A dog is jumping through the water .
A dog is splashing water into the air as it runs through a wet field of grass .
A medium sized dog running through puddles
Dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh .
White dog with leash running through water
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch .
Two kids are wrestling on a white sofa .
Two toddlers wrestle on a white couch .
Two young boys playing on a white sofa .
A dark-skinned man in a green shirt with a green scarf looking at an electronic device .
A man in a green shirt and sweater looks at his cellphone .
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
A teenager standing in a crowd of people texting on his phone .
Man with green shirt looks at phone .
A man in black stands between two huge soft toys at a fairground .
a police officer in the middle of a parade
A police officer keeps watch a parade .
A police officer stands between dragons in a Chinese New Year celebration .
This policeman is standing in front of a ride at a carnival .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall .
A man standing in front of a brick building .
Man wearing black shirt standing in front of a red brick wall .
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .
A brown dog walks through snow .
A brown puppy walking through the snow .
A dog looks curious at adventures lying ahead in the snow .
A dog walking in the snow
A yellow puppy walking through the snow .
A black and white dog is running towards the viewer .
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
A dog running through a field towards a camera .
A dog with its ears up runs on brown grass .
A white dog running on dirt .
A brown dog is chasing after a yellow ball .
A brown dog is playing ball in a yard .
A dog chases after a yellow ball .
A puppy playing with a ball .
a small dog with a blue color fetching a yellow ball
A boy drags his sled through the snow .
A boy in a blue jacket , carrying a red sled , running away , followed by a small dog
A child running with a snowboard on a snow covered surface .
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
A young boy plays with his dog in the snow .
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat .
A large man wearing a white hat .
A man in a butchers uniform standing next to two large rolls of beef .
A man in white stands in front of gyro meat .
The chef is working at a restaurant .
A black dog jumps into the air to get a treat from its owner .
A black dog jumps up to a man 's uplifted hand .
A man demonstrating how high his black dog can jump .
Man in field with a black dog jumping at his raised arm .
The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air .
A corgie walks on a thin blue platform .
A dog runs out onto a swimming pool diving board .
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
A small dog walks along an elevated walkway .
A tan and white dog is walking on a beam .
A black dog jumping .
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs .
a brown dog is leaping into the air in front of a wooden structure in a pine forest .
a brown dog jumping off the ground in the woods
The dog leaps into the air in a field .
A large and small dog interact in a grassy field .
A small brown jumps in the air as a big brown dog watches .
A small dog stands next to a larger dog , out in a field .
Two dogs standing in the field .
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .
There are women in St Patrick 's Day costumes
Three women celebrate St Patrick 's day by dressing up in green and white on a busy street .
Three women dressed in green celebrating St Patricks Day .
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A little girl holding her hand so that it looks the rainbow ends in her hand .
A young girl in front of a rainbow .
Girls posing with rainbow in the sky .
The girl is wearing a blue outfit and holding out her hand to a rainbow .
The young girl bent down to touch the rainbow .
A little boy in a red sweater is climbing a tree .
A little boy in red is climbing a tree .
A small child in a tree .
A toddler in a red sweatshirt and grey sweatpants in the branches of a tree
A young boy in a red shirt plays in a tree .
a person wearing a white hooded sweatshirt covered with a blanket sitting on a bench reading
A woman reads a paper on a bench in a park .
A woman sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
The person wearing the white sheet and white hoodie sits on the bench reading .
Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park .
Two men are standing outside a restaurant at dusk .
Two men drink stand in front of a brightly lit restaurant , drinking soda
Two men outside of a restaurant .
Two men stand in front of a restaurant .
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts .
A couple guys taking body shots off of a girl
A guy is talking to his friend taking a picture of a girl taking shots .
A woman lies on a bar surrounded by people .
Three men in dress shirts in a bar , with a woman lying on the bar and a female bartender in the background .
Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone .
A dog is playing by itself on a beach that has recently seen snowfall .
A dog is running in the dirt and snow .
A dog running on the sand .
A dog walking along a snow drift .
A yellow dog is running down a sandy and snowy hill .
Silhouette of two people sitting on a dock at sunset
Two people are sitting on a wooden dock on a lake at sunset .
Two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background .
Two people sit on the pier together and look out at the ocean .
Two people sitting on a dock under a lamp post with clouds in the sky beyond them .
A man and a dog are sitting on a park bench with several people walking down the path that runs alongside it .
A man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground , with a group of walking people in the distance .
A man sits on a bench in the park with a dog , while others walk nearby .
People sit on a park bench while others jog on a path .
The man sits with his dog on a bench in a park .
A bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park .
a man reads his paper on the bench .
A man wearing a red shirt sits on a cement bench and reads the paper .
An old man sits outside reading a newspaper .
An old man with a white beard is reading .
A black and white dog runs on soft green grass .
A dog runs in a field with its tongue sticking out .
A dog runs on a filed with its mouth open .
The brown and white dog is running through the grass .
The dog is running on grass .
a man in a yellow shirt training a black poodle
A man in a yellow sweatshirt and black pants plays with a black poodle .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle .
a man wearing a yellow sweater playing with a black dog in a grassy field
Man in yellow jacket teaching his black dog to do a trick .
a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city , one of them hitting another with a stick .
A group of people jumping away in a street
Eight men fighting in the street .
Group of people fighting on a street .
Men fighting in front of a bar .
Two adults walking in the street in a suburban area
Two distant boys walking down snowy street in urban area .
Two people walking across a street .
Two people walking on a street with barren trees .
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
An older woman in sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt .
An older woman with big sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt , perhaps at a ball game or other event .
An old white-haired lady wearing sunglasses is sitting behind a man in yellow .
Closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses , gray hair and a gold earring .
Older woman wearing sunglasses and a golden earring .
A brown dog is chasing a red Frisbee across a grassy field .
A dog leaps in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
a dog runs for a red Frisbee .
A dog surrounded by trees runs to catch a Frisbee .
The large brown dog is running through the grass to catch a red Frisbee .
A brown and white dog is jumping with a red Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown and white dog leaps , holding a flexible Frisbee .
A dog running with a Frisbee .
A fit dog leaps with a disc in its mouth .
The brown and white bog has a red item in its mouth .
a blond girl standing in front of a large metal fan
a man and woman walking past a record shop
A woman and a man are passing by a window displaying a record .
A woman and a man stand outside a store .
A woman with dirty blonde hair and sunglasses and a man with dark hair stand in front of a record store .
A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street .
A little girl in a blue outfit is climbing on metal railings in the street .
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing .
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
A black dog is playing with a green toy in yellow grass .
a black dog is running with a green toy between its paws .
A black dog outside with a green toy .
A black dog playing with a green toy .
A black dog plays with a green object .
an alley open to a couple of people walking by
The legs of several people walking past an alley .
Two pairs of legs walk past the end of an alley between two brick buildings .
Two people walk down the street , seen from a alleyway .
View through an alley of pedestrians passing by .
A woman admiring colorful christmas ornaments .
A woman browses through some ornaments .
A woman in a black dress looking
A woman looking at a colorful display
Woman standing next to wire tree with ornamental balls hanging from it
A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack .
A man wearing urban combat pants is walking down the street carrying a toolbox .
Man carrying a tool box on a sidewalk
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk .
Young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk .
A man and a woman looking at ruins .
Two people are observing some ruins .
Two people are standing on a hill overlooking rolling green grass .
Two people take in the view from a hillside .
Two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins
A brown dog holding something purple and black in its mouth .
a dog catches black Frisbee .
A large wet yellow dog retrives his toy .
Dog running with toy .
The wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
A brown dog holding a buoy in its mouth in the water
A dog carries an object in the water .
A dog running through water with a white toy in its mouth .
The black dog is in the water with a white object in its mouth .
The black dog retreived the white toy in the water .
A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street .
A man riding a bike wearing flannel shirt , plaid pants and a blue backpack while riding on a street near buildings and parked cars .
A man wearing lots of plaid riding a bike through the streets
A person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street .
Person riding their bicycle on the street with a backpack on .
A girl in a yellow top is paddling a wooden boat past a wooden jetty .
A girl paddles a canoe .
A girl rows a boat from a dock .
Girl pushing boat with a pole in the water
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .
a black dog is jumping over a white fence whilst taking part in a dog show .
A dog leaps over the hurdle .
A small dog leaps over a striped hurdle .
A white , black and brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
The dog is leaping over the bar .
A golden haired dog with wet hair is licking its nose while moving through shallow water .
A golden retriever licks his nose as he dries off from the water .
A long haired dog walks out of the water and licks his nose .
A wet brown dog is leaving the water .
The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose .
A dark colored man is holding a protest banner in a busy city street with people staring from behind .
A man in a blue and yellow jacket holding a religious sign stands in a street with people behind him on the sidewalk .
A man is holding a religious poster .
A man wearing a hat holding a sign with writing on it .
Man standing on the street holding a sign
A brown dog howls .
A brown dog in the grass field is looking up at the sky .
A brown dog is crouching and looking up in a field of grass .
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .
Brown dog crouching in grass looking up
A Collie and a Springer Spaniel playing outside .
The large brown and white dog is jumping towards the small brown and white dog .
Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree .
Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure .
Two tan and white dogs look at each other in an outdoor setting .
a brown and white dog is walking through some wasteland .
A collie runs across a yard in the springtime .
A Collie surrounded by leafless bushes .
A dog that looks like Lassie walking in the fields .
The dog is in front of some bushes .
People hiking through an icy , hilly landscape .
three men hike in the snow .
Three people backpacking across a large snowy and rocky field .
Three people walking across an icy hill .
Three people walk on a snow covered wasteland .
A dog jumps a man 's leg to take a Frisbee from his hand .
a dog jumps for the Frisbee the girl is holding .
A person in a black coat playing Frisbee with a dog near a wooded area .
A woman and a dog play with a disk in a field .
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet .
A person does a trick on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair .
He is doing tricks on the skateboard .
There is the bottom of a skateboard off the ground with someone in blue jeans holding it .
This skateboarder , wearing jeans and tennis shoes , grabs the board while in the air .
A couple looking at a red sculpture
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture .
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure .
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue .
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors .
A photo of a smiling young woman in front of tables on the street .
A woman in a jacket is posing for a camera smiling in a mostly empty restaurant .
a young girl standing outside a restaurant at night .
A young woman wearing a turtle neck and black jacket is smiling for a picture .
The little girl is wearing a black sweater and standing in front of a restaurant .
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down .
Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her .
A dog approachs a small creature in a barren , snowy field .
Black dog in a snowy field .
Black dog running through a grassy area .
Two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland .
Two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
a couple walking down the street carrying bags
A man and a woman are carrying bags down an empty street .
A man and a woman walking down a street , carrying luggage .
Two people carrying various items walking down a city street .
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road .
A couple are sitting on a rock in front of a street .
A man and a woman sit on a rock beside a street .
Two people sit on a large rock near a city street .
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
Two people talk while sitting on a big rock .
A brown dog chasing a Frisbee , a barbeque in the background .
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it .
A dog is twisting in the air as it tries to catch a Frisbee .
Brown dog plays with Frisbee .
The brown dog dives backwards to catch the football .
A man prepares to enter the red building .
a man walking around the corner of a red building .
A man walks past a red building with a fake rocket attached to it .
A man walks under a building with a large rocket shaped sculpture .
A person walking by a red building with a jet on top of it .
A brown doberman is outside with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog shows his teeth .
a dog bites a stick .
A dog is biting a twig .
A dog with sharp teeth is chewing on a stick outside .
a couple posing in front of a picture wall
An adult couple pose by a cardboard cut out for a movie .
An Asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster .
An Asian couple stands near a wax figure .
One person in a brown suit with his arm around another in a hat by a wall .
A bus filled with passengers in Chicago at night .
A bus full of people waiting at a stop .
People are sitting on a bus .
People in a bus which is heading to 84 Peterson .
There are people sitting on a bus that is labeled 84 Peterson .
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cellphone at her ear .
A woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone .
A woman sits on the curb while talking on her cellphone .
A woman sits on the edge of a sidewalk with a garbage bin beside her
Woman sits on the curb talking on a cellphone .
A caravan of snowmobile travel through the snow .
A pair of people in heavy winter jackets rides through the snow on a snowmobile .
People riding something in the snow .
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow .
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris .
A dark colored man is laying on newspapers by a metal railing with his shoes off .
A homeless man is lying on the ground with his stuff strewn around .
A homeless man is sleeping outside at the top of a staircase .
An man is sleeping on top of his clothes on concrete stairs .
Man sleeping on the street .
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field .
The little boy and little girl are walking side by side .
Two small children walk away in a field .
Two small children walking in a field .
Two young children are walking across an open field .
Two men sitting on the bank of a lake with an ice chest .
Two people having a picnic by a lake .
Two people having a picnic by the shore .
Two people sitting on grass in front of a lake looking at the sky .
Two people with hats looking at a lake while sitting on a yellow-grassed hill .
People , possibly fishermen , with their boats in shadow on shore at an orangesunset
A man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe .
People tend canoes at the edge of a body of water during a dimly lit time of day .
The men are getting their kayaks secured on the beach for the night .
Two men standing on the shore beside their kayaks at dusk .
A cluster of four brown dogs play in a field of brown grass .
Four dogs are together in the field of dry grass .
Four dogs in a grassy area .
Four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field .
Four small dogs play outside .
A girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building .
A little girl with a red dress facing a panel with her back to the camera .
A young blonde girl wearing a red dress kneeling on a red carpet .
A young girl faces a white and black wall in a red-carpeted room .
Girl kneeling on a red carpet .
brown dogs and a woman in a yard
A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .
A woman in a blue jacket watches as her two brown dogs play with a red ball in a grassy yard .
A woman throws a Frisbee for her two brown dogs to chase .
A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass .
A clown shares cut-out pictures of children .
a dirty looking clown holding up two paper cut outs of children with blond hair
A man wearing a balloon hat and a grassy shirt holds up two large paper dolls .
A man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men .
The man wears balloons on his head and holds paper people .
A group of people walk through a shopping mall .
many people walk through the store .
People browse in a store .
People strolling through an indoor market .
The shoppers are walking in a store .
A black man with a red mask is carrying a box .
A man in a domino mask carries an amplifier up a hill .
A man with a mask carrying a black speaker
A masked man in bright clothing carrying a large box .
Black man lifting black box is watched by black dog .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
A couple watches a boat against a skyline .
A man and woman sit on a bench , watching a boat go by .
The sun is setting while a man and woman watch a boat go by .
Two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water .
Two people watching a boat sail past .
A female jogger wearing red .
A girl with headphones is running next to some street signs .
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
A woman jogging across an intersection .
The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
An old man with a long white beard , glasses , and a hat is sitting on a park bench .
a bird lands on a mans glove .
A man holds a bird .
A man holds a falcon on his arm .
Gloved man holding a bird of prey .
The man is wearing gloves and holding a hawk in his hands .
A brown dog has a white toy in its mouth .
A dog holding a white stuffed animal .
A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy .
A yellow dog is chewing on a white stuffed toy .
The dog is holding a stuffed toy in his mouth .
A bunch of people at the beach .
People are enjoying a sunny day on a sandy beach by the ocean .
People are on the beach and there is a kite in the air .
People on the beach and a kite in the sky .
Sandy beach , people walking , laying , sitting , a kite is flying .
A Brown dog is jumping over a fallen tree in the woods .
A small tan dog jumps over a small log .
Tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest .
The dog leaps over the log in the forest .
The white dog is jumping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog swimming in murky water .
A brown dog swims in the murky water .
A dog with yellow fur swims , neck deep , in water .
A golden retreiver swimming in the water .
A yellow dog is swimming in the water .
A tan curly haired dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog catches a stick in the snow .
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
a white dog jumps in the snow .
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .
A person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains .
A person walks in the valley between tall mountains .
A person with a backpack and walking stick , walking towards the mountains in the valley below .
People with backpacks hiking in the mountains .
Three people walk through a valley towards snowy mountains .
A little girl gets her picture taken while on the merry-go-round .
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods .
A little girl on a piece of playground equipment
A little girl sitting on a playground ride .
A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round .
A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
Two people standing on the sidewalk .
Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
A guy and a girl , both wearing white shirts and jeans , stand under a flowering tree .
A man and a woman are talking in a park
a man and woman standing underneath the tree are talking .
A man in a white shirt is standing in the grass showing something to a woman in a white shirt .
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain
A man in a yellow helmet climbs a cliff face , snow behind him .
A man is climbing up a wall with a rope
A man leans back while climbing a mountain tethered to a rope .
He is rock climbing .
Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area .
A group of students dressed in sweatshirts and jackets head towards the right .
A group of students walking on campus , some carrying books .
A group of students walk together .
A group of young people are walking through a park under blossoming trees .
Several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees .
A group of college students walk in nice weather .
A group of people walk in the park , while some talk on phones .
A group of students are walking through the campus .
A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones .
several young people walking casually around
A person in the distance hikes among hoodoos with stars visible in the sky .
A person standing on a ridge in the desert .
Interesting rock formations in the desert landscape , with stars above .
The night sky in the desert .
There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes .
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building .
A black dog , running in the snow .
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area .
The black and brown dog is running through the snow .
Three men walking on a sidewalk in a city .
Three people are walking down the street with cars and buildings in the background .
Three people stand along a main road .
Three people walking on a sidewalk with 3 light colored cars in the background .
three people wearing winter clothes standing on the sidewalk near a street
A man in an orange hat jumping .
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert .
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert
Man jumping with a rock formation in background .
An elderly man is sitting on a bench .
An older man wearing a brown coat siting on a bench .
An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
Old man in tan jacket and black cap sitting on bench
The older man with the shopping bag and cane is sitting on a bench .
These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench .
Two individuals watch a tennis match .
Two people sit on a park bench while watching a neighborhood tennis match .
Two people with red scarves on their heads are watching tennis .
Two women sitting on a bench in front of a tennis court near a building complex .
Two brown dogs are fighting and they are both wearing red .
Two brown dogs rough house outside .
Two brown dogs wearing red collars look at each other while running along a dirt field .
two dogs play together .
Two large brown short haired dogs with collars play chase in a field .
The two greyhound dogs wearing sweaters are playing in the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in a field .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in the grass .
A brown and white dog is jumping high and catching a blue ball .
A dog is jumping and catching a small , blue ball in a park surrounded by two other dogs .
A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a blue ball .
Three dogs run on grass , one leaps to catch blue ball .
A girl in a skimpy bikini outfit walks and carries a helmet .
A scantily clad girl , in a helmet , walks away from the camera , down a busy sidewalk .
A woman wearing a helmet , tall boots , and short shorts walks down the street .
Girl in bikini bottoms , boots and a helmet walking away at a street fair .
The woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet .
A black dog playing with a purple toy in the snow .
A black dog runs through the snow carrying a blue toy .
A dog plays in the snow .
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .
The black and brown dog carries a purple toy in the snow .
A boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points .
A man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
A man with a backpack is sitting in a dirt road and pointing toward the horizon .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
A dog is staring at the food in the plate of a person eating .
A person holding a dog while they eat .
A person is eating a plate of pasta with a black and brown dog on his or her lap .
A person is eating pasta , while a dog is watching .
Someone in a blue and white striped sweater is eating and the dog next to them is interested in their food .
A brown dog is sprayed with water .
A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors .
A dog stands on his hind feet and catches a stream of water .
A jug is jumping up it is being squirted with a jet of water .
A tan , male dog is jumping up to get a drink of water from a spraying bottle .
A brown dog is sniffing around green grass on a hill .
A dog is digging a field .
A dog stands in a large , grassy field .
A dog walks alone in a field .
A dog with a red harness tracks a scent in a field .
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
A man dressed in black is waiting at a crosswalk .
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light .
A man stands at a traffic light , waiting to cross the street .
Man in black waits at crossing signal near large brick building .
A dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out .
A dog runs with his tongue hanging out .
A dog with its mouth open is running .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out
The white and black dog runs on the field with his tongue hanging out .
A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground .
A little girl in pink and purple stands on a playground .
A very young girl is walking on a playground .
The little girl is playing at the playground .
Young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail .
A brown and black puppy stands by a camera .
A dog chews on the strap of a camera case .
A dog gnaws on the strap of a camera .
A small dog chewing on a black strap .
A small dog is standing behind a camera .
Man and woman walking near the ocean .
Two people are walking alongside a decorative railing while wearing winter gear .
Two people are walking by the ocean .
Two people in coats walking next to a fence .
Two people walk together on a cold day .
A man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera .
A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach .
Barechested man filming at the beach .
The man is wearing rolled up blue jeans and holding a video camera on a stone beach .
The shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach .
a dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest
A dog leaps over a tree fallen in the forest .
A large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest .
Large brown dog jumps over a low tree trunk in a wooded area .
The German Shepherd is jumping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog leaps up to catch an orange toy .
A dog catches a disk in the air .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee .
A dog leaping to catch a Frisbee in the yard .
Brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background .
A brown and white dog chews on a tire .
A brown and white dog with pointy ears stands outside in sand holding a small tire in its mouth .
a brown , black and white dog holding a tire in its mouth while standing on sand
A bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand .
A dog standing in sand , holding a tire in his mouth .
A black dog chases a ball in the grass .
A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass .
A dog and a ball on green grass and in front of trees .
A dog chases a ball in the grass .
Green grass field , a black dog running after a ball .
A baby dressed in blue jumps outside .
A child is bouncing on a trampoline that is next to the house .
A small child jumps up on a trampoline .
a young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house .
The little boy with red hair jumps on the trampoline .
The three children are in a cage .
three children are locked in a cage .
Three children in a black dog kennel .
Three small children are in a cage .
three well dressed blond children in a cage .
A brown dog is running though a river .
a brown dog jumping in a stoney brook .
A brown dog runs through shallow water .
A dog wading through shallow water .
a golden retriever splashes in the water .
A large , brown , fluffy dog with a small white and brown dog on a dirt surface .
a large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt .
A small dog and a large dog play together .
Bigg playing with little dog in dirt .
Two dogs play with each other in the dirt .
A girl who looks upset with her arms crossed .
An Indian woman in a black shirt stands with her arms crossed looking at two other people talking to each other .
A person in a red and black shirt has their arms crossed and looks at the camera .
A teenage girl is standing with her arms crossed in a busy street .
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .
A dog carries a leash in its mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
A large furry brown dog is walking with a leash in his mouth .
a yellow dog carries a black leash .
Dog walking with his lease in his mouth .
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
A man holds up a cardboard sign near a wall with red graffiti .
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign .
A man stands on the side of the road , holding a cardboard sign .
A man stands with a cardboard sign on a road
A hiker walks on rocky ground at the base of a foggy mountain .
A lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background .
A person is hiking along rough terrain with fog and mountains in the background .
Distant person with blue backpack hiking in rocky area , mountains in background .
The person is hiking .
A skier flies through the air .
Ski boot gets pulled out of the ski .
The feet of a skier with one boot coming out of the ski and casting a shadow .
Two boots are on two skis moving very fast .
Two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski
A girl sits outside at a large fountain .
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain .
A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain .
A young woman sits near a fountain .
Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain .
a brown dog is running through a grassy field .
A brown dog running through grass .
A dog runs in a grassy field .
A golden-brown dog running through a green field .
A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass .
A man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation .
A man in the desert .
A man poses in front of a large rock formation .
A man standing next to a huge rock formation .
A man stands next to a strange rock formation with his arms in the air .
Two black , brown and white dogs running in green grass with ears up on heads .
Two dogs run through a field of grass
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass .
Two look-alike dogs running in the green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in a large body of water .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in the ocean .
a young girl in a striped bathing suit jumping in the ocean .
girl jumping over wave
A man is sitting on a bench facing another man who is standing .
A man sits on a bench while another man walks toward him .
A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and grey floor .
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break .
Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass .
A large , tan dog is rolling in green grass .
Big yellow dog rolling around on the green lawn .
Large dog rolling on its back in green grass .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar in an agility test .
A dog jumps over a hurdle on a grass field .
A dog leaps over a bar on an obstacle course
The black and white dog jumps over an obstacle .
A brown dog indoors , with a large pink toy .
A dog with a wrinkled face bites on a pink toy .
A wrinkled dog playing with a pink chew toy
The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth .
This is a strange sight , a dog delivering a cookie .
A toddler starting at a clown walking down a snowy sidewalk .
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
Three adults and a toddler stand on a snowy path .
Three adults and one child are walking along a paved path that is snow covered .
Two adults , a child , and a clown walking down a sidewalk .
A father with his two kids at the ocean with the young boy flying up in the air .
A little boy jumps from his fathers arms on the beach .
A man tosses a boy into the air at the beach .
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach .
A big , shaggy dog runs in a field of dandylions .
a dog running in a field of daisies
a dog sitting in the grass , with his tongue out
A long haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers .
A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers .
A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans .
a grey in a grey sweashirt running alongside of a small dog
A person playing with their black dog in the grass .
A woman and a dog are running in a field .
A woman flies a kite in a field while her dog watches .
A black dog and a woman in a red shirt playing tug of war .
A dog is pulling on one end of a rope and a girl is pulling on the other .
A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees .
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside .
A woman and a dog playing outside
A dog chasing another dog by a lake .
A husky chasing a brown spoted dog at the shore .
Two dogs , a spaniel and a husky , chase each other across the sand by a body of water .
Two dogs chase each other near the water .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A black and white dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A black and white dog is midjump and has a Frisbee in his mouth .
A black and white dog jumps up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps in the air , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .
A white dog in a jump , holding a plate in his mouth .
A black and white dog is running up a path towards some potted plants .
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back .
A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants .
A dog turning to look at the camera .
A white and black dog in a hallway filled with potted plants .
a group of people sitting around a table drinking tea or coffee
Three individuals sit at a table , smiling .
Three people gather around a table for beverages .
Three people gather around the table and have their picture taken .
Two women and a man sit at a table having coffee in a home .
A couple stands on a dock by the water hugging .
A stone dock and a couple hugging at the end , water behind .
Two people are hugging at the end of a stone jetty that looks out over the ocean .
Two people embrace on the end of a dock .
Two people stand on the pier looking at the ocean and embrace .
A man repels down a cliff over water .
A mountain climber hangs from a cliff above the ocean .
A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean .
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
The man is climbing up the rock .
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
A man holding a wine bottle and wearing a box on his head is standing next to a man wearing a black hoodie .
one man wearing a black hoodie sweatshirt and another wearing a box over his head
One person is wearing a box on their head and holding a bottle while another man is standing next to him .
Two men , one with a box on his head holding a bottle
A big , black dog is walking along the water 's edge .
A black dog and its reflection are seen near a pond ringed by dry foliage .
A black dog is walking beside water in the woods .
A black dog walks along a marsh 's edge .
A dog is walking near a body of water .
A pitbull dog is biting another dog on the face .
A tan dog opens his mouth to bite another tan dog .
One dog is trying to bite another .
One tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed .
Two brown dogs playing with each other , one has his mouth open biting the other dog .
A bee clings to a yellow flower .
a bee on top of a flower
A bee sits on a flower .
a small bee landed on a bunch of yellow flowers
Beautiful blue sky and yellow flowers .
a girl wearing pink swings on a swing .
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing .
a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set
The girl is on a swing .
The little girl played on the swing .
A man sitting on the left near a man walking along the side of a street with colorful buildings .
A man walking by a sitting man on the street .
A man with dreadlocks and a backpack walks down the sidewalk with colorful buildings in the background .
A white man with dreadlocks walks down the sidewalk .
Two boys are on the sidewalk as cars pass by on the road .
A black , brown , and white dog jumping over a pile of logs with trees in the background .
A dog is jumping over some logs .
A dog jumps over a pile of logs .
A dog jumps over a pile of wood .
A large dog is leaping over some logs in a woodland clearing .
a girl in a pink top is swinging with her hair flying everywhere .
A girl is swinging .
A girl is swinging and looking down with her hair flying .
A girl 's hair streams behind her as she swings
A girl with long hair flying in the breeze while she swings .
a black dog is running across a grassy field in front of some bushes .
A dog in a grassy park jumping and playing .
A dog with a muzzle on .
A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground .
The black dog leaps into the air in the grass .
A brown dog has a purple disc .
A brown dog has its eyes closed and a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
The brown and black dog is holding a pink disc on a green yard .
The dog returns the play toy to its master .
This is a dog holding a Frisbee .
A group of people are listening to a man with a moustache speak into a microphone .
A lady with brown hair sitting at a table while someone speaks on a microphone in the background .
A man holds a microphone and speaks as a group of seated people watch and one woman looks down .
A woman at a table looking down .
People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone .
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
A dog jumps over a chain .
A dog leaping over a chain .
A greyhound jumps over a chain .
Brown dog leaps over a chain suspended over a gravel road .
A grey " labradoodle " jumps over another large dog .
one grey puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard .
Two dogs playing in grass .
Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , play on the grass .
A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain .
A panoramic distance view of a rock climber going up a steep mountain wall .
person rock climbing
There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall .
This person is climbing the side of a mountain .
a man climbing a sheer rock wall
A person climbing a large mountainside .
A person climbs up a rock face .
A rock climber
A climber ascending a mountain
Two dogs are bending over and looking down into a ditch to investigate .
Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera .
Two dogs are shown with only their tails and backsides as they dig in the dirt .
Two dogs are sniffing at the ground with their tails in the air .
Two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up .
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean .
A black dog runs along the beach .
A black dog runs through surf on a sandy beach .
A dog runs along the ocean surf .
Balck dog is running on clean sand beach , very close to surf .
A couple kiss outdoors , while another couple watch .
A man and a woman are outside kissing with a woman wearing a red scarf in the background .
The woman on the right is wearing a red scarf .
Two people in complete love are kissing in the most beautiful embrace .
Two people kissing .
A street view with cars and buildings .
cars are parked by a little store in quaint European street .
Cobblestone street and line of storefronts
People stand outside of a building that has cars parked in front .
There are two blue signs on the corner of the street .
A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
A dog running in the grass around sheep .
A dog bites an object offered by a person .
A dog playing with a dog toy as someone tries to pull it from its mouth .
a golden retriever plays with a toy .
The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
Two dogs fighting for the same chew toy .
Two brown dogs are laying on the street next to a metal pole .
two dogs are chained to a pole .
Two dogs are tied to a tree in a city .
Two dogs tied to a tree .
Two small dogs sit near a tree .
A brown and white dog runs away carrying a big stick .
A dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
Dog fetching huge stick .
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is running away with a stick in its mouth .
A young couple kissing on a park bench .
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
Couple is making out on a park bench in public .
The girl and boy are kissing whilst sitting on a wooden bench .
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
A dog has its head coming up from the water as it holds a stick .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .
closeup of a brown dog in the water holding a very large stick .
A hiker wearing an orange backpack is walking through long grass .
A man walking in brush with a big orange backpack .
A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area .
A person with a large backpack hiking through the tall grass .
The hiker with a black and orange backpack walks away into the wooded area .
A backpacker looks over a cliff towards the fog .
A backpacker looks toward a foggy landscape .
A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance .
a man with an orange backpack is standing on a cliffside path .
Hiker with yellow backpack stares into fog .
A man drinking and reading the paper .
A man reads the newspaper at a table for one .
A man reads the newspaper while having a drink .
A man wearing glasses sits with a drink at a table whilst reading the newspaper .
An African-American man reading the newspaper and drinking beer in a shop .
A couple of people sit in chairs in a waiting room lit in sunlight .
A line of white chairs folded and a few indescript people sitting in the background .
People wait in chairs , one person has their shoe off .
Photo of an inside of a place with chairs and people sitting in them .
Some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy .
A woman carrying a backpack sits on a rocky ledge overlooking the water .
A woman sits alone on the rocks by a beach .
A woman sits on a rock by the water .
a woman sits on the rock .
A woman wearing a red backpack is sitting on a rock overlooking the water .
a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain
A large window with a mountain range while onlookers stand in front .
People look out the window at mountains .
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain .
Sillhouttes of people in front of a mountain and in front of a window .
A crowd at a rally .
A crowd of people remember the Armenian genocide from 1915 to 1923 .
A group of people are gathered to watch a man speak from a podium about Armenian genocide .
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide .
There is a man in suit speaking at a podium at a protest march .
A lady is giving a speech dealing with the Armenian genocide .
A middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event .
A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase " Armenian Genocide " written on it , flanked by priests and men in suits .
A woman speaking at an Armenian Genocide event
A woman speaks at a podium surrounded by religious men .
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators .
A man holding a flag stands next to a woman wearing black and white .
A man holding flag and a woman behind a railing .
An elder man in a white shirt and cap waves a flag as a group of people stand behind him .
An older man with a red , blue , and orange flag in a crowd
a boy drinks from a glass bottle .
a girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle .
A girl in a purple sweater watching a boy drink from a green bottle .
A little girl in pink watches a young boy drink out of a bottle on a crowded street .
Boy drinking from a green bottle with girl in purple sweater watching .
A man sitting cross-legged in a field
A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag .
A person wearing a hat sits on the grass with a mountain behind him .
A person with a stocking cap on is sitting down on a grassy plain with a mountain behind them .
Man on green grass , mountains and semi-cloudy sky in background .
An african american woman wearing an orange dress with a hood is covering her face with her hand while sitting in a chair .
A woman in an orange-hooded outfit is sitting with her hand on her face .
Woman in a red headscarf covering her face .
Woman in orange clothing putting her palm over her face .
Woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair .
A puppy catching a bird
A small white dog holds a bird in its mouth as it runs in a field .
A white dog carries a gray bird in a field .
A white puppy is carrying a black bird in its mouth .
The dog returns with the hunter 's bird .
two african toddlers dressed in pink are playing in a sparsely decorated kitchen .
Two girls in pink dresses dance and clap .
Two little girls in pink are dancing .
Two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together .
Two very young girls in pink dance inside .
a class holds up their certificates .
a group of children posing with their certificates ,
A group of children showing their diplomas .
The children hold up awards .
The girl in a yellow shirt walks in front of a group of kids holding up awards .
A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps through the grass .
a grey dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee in a grassy park
A shaggy dog jumps outside in the grass .
The black dog is jumping up in the air .
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants .
A woman walking over a bridge with tall grass on either side of her .
A woman walks along a boardwalk
A woman with dark hair walks through a grassy field on a path with wooden handrails .
A young woman crosses a bridge through a field of tall grass .
A black and brown dog shakes water off of itself .
a brown and black dog shaking the water of himself
A brown and black dog with a red and blue collar stands on a brown grassy surface with water droplets all around .
A dog stretches its neck out as it shakes off dust .
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .
A golden retriever is playing with a smaller black and brown dog in a pink collar .
A small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog .
A smaller black dog fighting with a larger brown dog in a forest .
Brown dog with mouth open near head of black and tan dog .
Two dogs playing near the woods .
A female in bluejeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded .
A girl stands in a dimly lit area .
a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
Girl stands in subway waiting on something .
Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor , seated figure in background .
A girl standing in an enclosed place
A girl stands alone while a man raises his arms in the background .
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
Young lady standing alone waiting .
A boy in a harness climbs a rock wall .
A small boy hangs from a safety harness next to a climbing wall .
A young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder .
The boy is climbing a white rock wall .
The small child climbs a white rock wall .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
A black and a yellow dog
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
A white dog fetches a stick as he swims in a lake
A white dog holds a stick while swimming .
A white dog retrieves the stick from the lake for her owner .
A white dog swims with a stick .
White dog retrieving stick from water
A little boy and a little girl are playing with pebbles on the beach .
A small boy and girl on the beach 's edge , looking at the ground
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
Two little kids play on a pebble covered beach .
Two young child stand on the rocks near the edge of the water .
A group of people are holding up signs .
A group of people carry pink letters that spell " impeach " .
many woman hold up a sign reading " impeach " .
People holding pink signs that spell out , " Impeach " .
War protesters on curb , with pink umbrellas spelling out IMPEACH .
a man carrying a sign that says free hug along the sidewalk .
A man holds up a " free hugs " sign above his head .
A man is holding a sign that says " Free Hugs " .
A young man in a black shirt is holding a Free Hugs sign .
The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans and carrying a free hugs sign .
A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth .
A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth .
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
A dog turns on the grass to persue a flying ball .
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball .
A yellow dog anticipates a ball .
A girl flipping into a swimming pool while others swim .
A girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side .
A girl is diving into an indoor pool .
Many people are in an indoor swimming pool and one girl is in the act of jumping in headfirst .
The teenagers are swimming in an indoor pool together .
A black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand .
A dog playing with a golf ball in front of a small wooden fence on the beach .
A dog plays in the sand with a ball .
A white dog with black spots looks at a golf ball in the sand .
The dog eyes the ball before retrieving it .
A girl climbs a huge rock .
A lady in black pants and her shadow , climb large rocks .
A rock climber taking a large step up the side of a rock face .
Girl in black pants climbing smooth rock .
Young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing .
A man in red climbs a rock in a field of snow , cliffs , and fallen boulders .
A man is rock climbing up a snowy , rocky mountain .
A man wearing a red shirt scales a rock in a boulder field .
A person climbing a large rock with many snow covered rocks in the background .
The person with the red long sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow .
The backs of two Asian girls , wearing red tops and holding red flags .
Two Asian girls dressed in red are standing at a busy pedestrian crossing .
Two girls in red jackets are trying to cross traffic with a lot of cars going by .
Two people in red jackets with red sashes standing on a street corner .
Two women attempting to cross a busy street in China .
A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street .
A boy on a scooter .
A boy wearing a helmet rides a scooter in a suburban neighborhood .
A child on a scooter is jumping the curb .
a young boy wearing an orange helmet riding a scooter
A soccer player in blue is chasing after the player in black and white .
The girl in the white strip is falling down as the girl in the blue strip challenges for the soccer ball .
The girls are playing soccer .
Two women in soccer uniforms playing soccer .
Two young women on different teams are playing soccer on a field .
A white dog races a brown dog in a field of grass .
One brown and one white dog running through a field .
The brown and white dogs run through the field .
Two dogs are running side by side in the field .
Two dogs run through the brush .
A dirt bike rider rides off of a jump .
A dirt biker with number 625 is racing on a course .
A man in a helmet does a jump on his bike .
A man in yellow rides a motocross bike down a dirt track in a forest .
dirt bike racer
A man riding a dirt bike in down a hill in competition .
A motocross rider wearing red , white and black with a white helmet .
A motorcycle racer going down a steep , dirt hill .
A person rides a motorbike down a dirt hill .
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another .
A young man pushes his motocross bike up a dirt hill .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
Two boys lifting a dirt bike .
Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill .
A dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike .
A man wearing a helmet and safety suit goes uphill over rocks on a dirt bike .
A man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill .
An off road motorbike climbs a rocky hill .
A person on a motorcycle going uphill on rocky terrain
An elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes .
An old man on a cart shopping for shoes
An old man wearing a large hat , and riding in a motorized wheelchair , is picking out shoes at a store .
Man on electric scooter looking at shelves of shoes .
Senior citizen shops for shoes with a sombrero on his head .
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain .
A couple pose in front of a fountain .
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain .
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain .
A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street .
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street .
A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street .
a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street
Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar .
a couple hugging with other people standing around in front of some buildings
A man and a woman hug on a street .
The man in the red shirt is taking a photo of the couple that is hugging on the sidewalk .
The man in the red shirt is taking a picture of the two people hugging .
two people share a hug .
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
A puppy with blue eyes runs , an older dog with blue eyes stands behind .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
The two dogs are outside .
A creepy old man stars at a young couple as they smoke a cigarette .
A man and woman sitting , with a man standing to the left .
An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building .
A red haired man in white pants glances at a couple sitting on a step .
Several people standing and sitting outside on the sidewalk .
Two brown dog play together in the water .
Two brown dogs playing in water
Two dogs playing in the ocean .
Two dogs play in the water .
Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air .
A group of people sit before a campfire .
Four people sit around a campfire and the sky is blue behind them .
Several people sit by a campfire in the darkness .
Three people lounge on a dark prairie in front of a campfire
Three people sitting around a fire .
A group of girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Three girls are riding a ride with shoulder harnesses as the girl in green poses .
Three girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves .
Three young girls posing while riding a roller coaster .
A kayaker almost turns over .
A kayaker traverses some churning rapids .
A man is kayaking in rough water .
A man kayaks in wavy water .
A person in a blue kayak battles the waves .
A man in a yellow boat paddling against waves .
A person in a yellow kayak is paddling through a river with snowy banks .
The kayaker is going through rapids .
The man is in a yellow kayak in rough waters .
This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .
A girl in a petterned shirt is talking to a guy with a hat in a billiards room .
A man holding a pool stick talking to a woman in a pool hall
A man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt .
Boy holding pool cue looking at person in sweater
Two people are talking to each other at a pool place .
A girl reads and listens to music on a bus .
a woman reads a book on a train .
A woman reads while on public transportation .
The girl is sitting on a train and reading a book .
Woman on a train , reading and listening to headphones .
A guy in midair is behind the raft full of people .
A man flipped off of a white water raft .
A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .
A man has fallen out of a white water raft while other rafters look at him .
A man is launched into the air from a raft .
A group of people go rafting .
A person flies backward off a blue raft near rapids .
Six people are riding in raft on white water whilst the seventh person has been flung out of the boat into the air .
The guy gets thrown out of the raft on the rapids .
The six people are in a blue raft in the water and one person flew out of the raft .
A climber scales a cliff as others watch .
A figure is climbing up a rock while people on the grond watch .
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .
A woman is rock climbing
People are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
a young man wearing a grey and black shirt and a white headband
Teenager standing up with a headband on
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A beagle looking over his shoulder as he stand on a sandy slope .
A beagle stands in the sand and grass .
A dog stands in a field .
Brown , black and white dog standing on a sandy slope .
Dog standing in grassy sand dune .
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline .
A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline
A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline .
A little girl does a handstand on a trampoline
A boy kicks a soccer ball high up .
A little boy in a bright green field has kicked a soccer ball very high in the air .
A small boy wearing red kicks a soccer ball above the grass .
a young boy playing with a soccer ball in a field
Young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field
A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog .
a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object .
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
A white furry dog jumping to catch a Frisbee .
The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee .
A man crouched on a snowy peak .
A man in a green jacket stands in deep snow at the base of a mountain .
A man kneels in the snow .
A man measures the depth of snow .
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow .
A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike .
A man sitting on a bench next to his bike .
A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing .
A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail .
Man sitting on a bench next to a bike .
A boy in a black and white shirt holds a red skateboard as he stands over the Hollywood Stars .
A skateboarder examines the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
A teenage boy wearing a striped shirt walks on a street paved with stars carrying a skateboard .
Man walking with red skateboard .
Person wearing black and white striped shirt holding a red skateboard standing on sidewalk with stars .
One dog biting at another dog 's face in a grassy field .
There are two brown dogs playing in field .
Two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass .
Two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
A baby being held by a small girl , swimming underwater in a blue pool .
A child supports a toddler underwater in a pool .
A small girl and a toddler swimming underwater in a pool .
A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two children smile underwater
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car .
A black dog asleep in a car .
A dog in a car .
A dog in a car .
The dog is sleeping in the vehicle .
A bicycle stunt person midair performing a trick with fans watching .
A BMW rider makes a fantastic jump as onlookers marvel .
A group of young people are watching a man on a dirt bike performing a stunt in the air .
A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump .
A man performing a trick on a bmx bike
Two dogs running in a body of water that is light blue with tip of an island of grass showing
Two dogs run through the water near a beach , with land on the horizon .
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water .
Two dogs splash through the lake .
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake .
A dog is jumping across an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a red and blue hurdle .
A dog leaps over a red and blue jump .
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle .
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
A black and white spotted dog is circling a gray and white dog .
A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog .
Two dogs are running around each other in the sand .
Two dogs play in a sandy field .
two dogs play on a baseball field .
A girl is climbing a rock wall .
A person climbs a steep mountain .
A person wearing a white hat climbs a rock .
A rock climber ascends .
Someone climbs a rocks .
A man does skateboard tricks off a ramp while others watch .
A skateboarder does a trick for an audience .
A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe .
Boy dressed in black is doing a skateboarding jump with a crowd watching .
People watching a guy in a black and green baseball cap skateboarding .
a man in brown jacket and blue cap is washing a black jacket in fountain .
A man leans over into a fountain .
a man stares at bricks .
A man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain .
The young man looks into the fountain on a sunny day .
A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .
Two dogs are playing on the grass .
Two dogs leap toward each other on a grassy lawn .
Two dogs on hind legs with faces near each other on a grassy field .
Two dogs playing .
A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .
A dog biting the cleaning end of a broom .
A dog is biting a mop .
A tan dog bites on a broom as it moves over the brick floor .
a tan dog chewing on a broom .
A girl is hula hooping on a sidewalk in New York .
A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops .
a young girl uses two hula hoops .
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
Young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area , man in blue shirt stands behind him .
a brown dog retrieves a ball on a green , slimy , rock covered beach
A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A dog walks through the water with an object in its mouth .
A very wet dog coming toward the camera through a mossy pond with a ball .
Two brown dogs are running on the sand .
Two brown dogs on the sand
Two brown dogs running and playing on a beach .
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Two dogs run on the beach .
A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man .
Asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men
Talk between man in Hawaiian shirt , older man in gray and man seen from behind .
These three men are sitting near each other , and are all wearing short sleeved shirts .
Three men , one in a red and white shirt , are sitting together .
A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places .
A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera .
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio .
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass .
The young boy is walking wearing a blue jacket , a black sweater and white collared shirt .
A brown dog is running along a beach .
A brown dog wearing a black collar running across the beach .
A dog walks on the sand near the water .
Brown dog running on the beach .
The large brown dog is running on the beach by the ocean .
Two children are standing on the shore next to a body of water .
Two children standing at the edge of a river , holding a butterfly-catcher .
Two children stand with a net by a shallow shore .
two girls look into the water .
two kids playing on the beach , close to the water
Men standing on shore with fishing pole and boat in water
Two fisherman looking at the water .
Two men holding their fishing poles .
Two men stand near the water with their fishing poles .
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
A boy jumping from a rope into the water .
A boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water .
A man has let go of the rope swing over the river .
A person in swimming trunks who has used a rope swing to jump into a lake .
The man is dropping from a swinging rope into a calm river .
a boy and a girl stand in front of a house .
A girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway .
A girl stands outside of a blue and white home while a younger child sits on its stoop .
A little girl leans on a concrete wall next to a blue door where a shirtless child sits .
A young girl stands against a blue and white house with a young boy who sits .
A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on sand .
A brown dog with large ears is shaking its self while standing on sand .
An orange dog shakes his head very hard on the sand .
a tan dog shaking its body
The orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach .
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man .
A dog stands on top of a long , blue plank of wood .
A dog walks across a ramp with a man standing near .
A man outdoors near equipment .
The man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle .
A small girl in pink and blue , on the beach , shows something to two black dogs .
A young girl in a pink and blue wetsuit and oversized red flip flops presents a little red ball to a big black dog while another dog looks on .
a young girl putting a red ball in a black dogs mouth on the beach
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .
two black dogs wait for a little girl to throw a ball at the beach
A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket .
a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building ,
Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building .
The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk .
Three brown puppies running in the grass .
Three dogs are running through the grass .
Three dogs run through a field .
Three small puppies run through the green grass .
Three tan and brown dogs are running over grass .
a closeup of grey and white shoes on the shore near the beach water .
A person wearing grey converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes .
A person wearing grey tennis shoes is standing right where the waves stop on the sand .
A shot of shoes in water .
The person wearing tennis shoes is standing on the sand .
A girl poses with her head upside down .
A little girl hangs her head upside down .
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
A upside down girl 's face .
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide .
A little girl slides down a twisty yellow slide .
A small blond girl wearing a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide with her feet in the air .
A young girl with a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide
A black dog looks up at a ball in the air and prepares to catch it .
A black dog waits on the grass for a falling yellow ball .
A dog is looking up at a ball attached to the string .
The animal is near the pond .
The dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches .
A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden .
A little girl skips down a path near an idyllic country pond .
A young girl hops on the path to avoid the puddles , located near a lake .
A young girl is jumping on a gravel road near a pond .
The girl runs near a pond .
Two girls are riding a 4 wheeler .
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge .
Two girls riding an ATV .
Two kids are posing on a black ATV that is on top of sand .
Two young girls drive an ATV .
A girl chases a bird across the sand at the edge of the ocean .
A girl in a pink suit chases a gull on a beach .
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water .
The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by .
Young girl in red bathing suit feeding a seagull
One dog jumps up to catch a ball as another dog runs towards it .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard .
Two dogs play catch with a rubber ball .
Two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence .
Two tan dogs playing together in a fenced yard .
A little boy in a red jacket plays on a jungle gym .
A little boy playing on a playground .
A small black child plays on an outdoor jungle gym .
A young boy in a black sweatshirt and red vest plays on a red jungle gym .
boy playing on some metal bars
A black dog is chasing another black dog .
A wet black dog is running away from another black dog .
Two black dogs run along the green grass .
Two black , wet dogs running on grass .
Two dogs chasing each other in the grass
A girl is rowing in a lake .
a girl sits on a skinny canoe .
A woman sits in a rowing scull and looks behind her at a dock .
A woman sitting in a rowboat
Girl in a thin rowboat leaving the dock of a lake .
A brown dog leaps into the water .
A dog leaping off a boat
A dog wearing a collar jumping from a platform .
a grey and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .
A girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide .
A girl slides on a red slide
A small girl sliding headfirst down a shiny red slide .
a toddler in a pink coat is laying front down on a red slide .
Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach .
A black woman in a pink bikini is sitting on a towel on a lounge chair .
A girl with hot pink toe nails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel .
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel .
There is a very oiled darker woman on a pink towel , lounging on a lawn chair next to her flip flops and suntan lotion .
Woman in pink is suntanning
A brown dog walks in the under brush .
A dog pauses in the bushes .
a dog runs through the long grass .
Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery .
brown long-haired dog in garden .
A group of children playing with props
A group of kids are sword fighting .
Children are playing with toy swords in the street .
Children play fight with swords .
Some children tugging on a rope next to a building in a city .
A child is playing ice hockey
a young hockey player playing in the ice rink
A youth playing hockey .
The hockey player is skating on the ice smacking the puck .
Two people are playing ice hockey .
A man holding a flag is standing on a busy sidewalk .
A man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city .
A man stands on a crosswalk holding a flag .
Man standing on a street with a green red and yellow flag wrapped around him and a cap on his head .
Man wrapped in flag stands in city intersection , lit billboards in background .
Men participate in a soccer game .
Two male soccer players in game action .
Two men fall as they battle for a soccer ball .
Two opposing footballers play on a field .
two soccer players playing soccer on a field
A white haired coach is coaching his team of young men while they run towards him .
A white haired coach stands in front of a group of high school age boys running past him .
Three teenage boys are running towards an older man in a white shirt .
Three young men face an older man with a whistle .
Three young men sprinting past their coach outside .
An elderly woman crosses the road in a city .
An elderly woman in a red jacket is walking up a hilly city street .
An elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk .
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street .
Old lady crosses the street in the city .
two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick
Two dogs carry the same stick in their mouths as they walk on the sand .
Two dogs holding one stick on a beach .
Two dogs on the beach fight over a stick .
Two dogs on wet sand , each biting the same stick .
Boys playing tag football run down the field .
One kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football .
One kid is running across a field carrying a football while another is close behind grabbing for his flags .
Two children playing tag football .
Two little boys play football on green grass .
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee .
Two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material .
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths .
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee .
A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding .
A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski .
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute .
A man windsurfing .
The man is waterskiing .
A child swings on a swing .
A kid is upside down on a swing .
a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing
Little girl , upside down on swing .
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down .
The three dogs are playing with each other .
Three dogs playing on grass .
Three dogs play in the grass .
Three dogs play outside .
Three dogs play together on the green grass .
A black and a white dog are both going for a blue soccer ball .
A black and tan dog and a black and white dog are playing ball in the grass .
A black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball .
Two dogs are trying to grab a ball .
Two medium sized dogs playing with a green ball
A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach .
A black dog is followed by two brown dogs over sand .
A group of three dogs running across a rocky , sandy beach .
One black and white dog and two brown and white dogs moving on sand .
Three dogs are running across a sandy landscape .
woman smile and wave to the camera
A woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair .
A woman in pink is staring while a woman is red is posing nearby kitchen items .
Two women are smiling together at a restaurant .
Two women in front of boxes of tea and cups .
A black dog and a black dog are fighting over a soccer ball .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
Two dogs play and fight over a blue ball .
Two dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball .
A girl in a colourful bathing suit being ejected from a water slide into the pool .
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide .
A little girl sliding into a pool .
The girl is coming off of a water slide into a pool .
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .
A dog looks out over green grass and flowers .
A dog tied to a leash in an open grassy area .
A terrier stands in a field of grass and daisies
Small dog looking into background
The black and brown dog is on a leash in a field and facing away from the camera .
a boy jumping off a swing
A boy jumps off a swing on the swing set when its high enough .
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
A young boy leaps off a swing .
The boy wearing white is leaping from the swing .
A blonde puppy wearing a red collar is standing in the water .
A furry dog with a collar is sitting in a pond .
A tan dog swims around in the water .
A white dog with long hair wades through a pond surrounded by green grass .
White dog at the edge of the water .
A group of young men clowning around while enjoying a beverage .
Five men pose awkwardly on steps .
Five young men pose on the steps .
Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
Group of young men posing and holding cans .
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
A man locking his bicycle to a metal pole .
A man prepares to interact with a lock for a bicycle while staring away from it .
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike .
An older man in a suit locking his bike to a pole
A girl with a black bag in a cramped position on a train
Asian woman in crowd , carrying black bag with " pain " and spiked knuckle graphic .
A woman holding black and white bag rides the subway .
A woman in a white outfit holds her purse while on a crowded bus .
A young woman in white , carrying a black handbag stands in a crowd .
A girl in a dress is blowing bubbles with another girl behind her .
Girls blow bubbles outdoors .
There are two young girls in colorful dresses blowing bubbles .
Two girls in colourful dresses blowing bubbles at a park .
Two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands .
A boy in a blue shirt is running .
A distorted image of a young boy running
A little boy running , blurry picture .
A young boy runs .
Little boy running very fast .
a cat sits alone in dry grass .
A group of cats sit in the grass .
several cats resting in a field of dry grass
The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass .
The three cats , two white with calico accents and a gray tabby , are laying in the brown grass .
A lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping
A white dog jumps at a woman holding another dog .
A woman wearing shorts is holding a tan dog while a white dog jumps up in front of her .
Lady playing with her two dogs in the yard .
Woman on grass , cradling small dog as another dog jumps up .
A small white dog is running through the dirt right on the outside of a patch of grass where two people and another small black dog are playing .
A small white dog runs .
A white dog is running on gravel away from two people and a black and brown dog .
White dog outside with two people in background .
White fluffy dog running in the dirt .
A child lies in the hay with only a head and arm showing .
A young child is covered in straw except for the head and left arm .
Child playing and hiding underneath hay .
Girl hides in hay .
The child is playing hide and seek in the hay .
A child in a white bathrobe is standing in a doorway .
A man in a bathrobe with its arms tied together crosses a threshold .
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel .
A young girl wearing a white bathrobe stands by a door .
A woman looking at jewlery at a booth at an outdoor fair .
People examine the merchandise in a tent at a crafts fair .
People in a shop under a tent .
Several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
There is a man wearing a red shirt , white shorts , red shoes , white socks and has long braided hair .
A brown dog starring at a soccer ball .
A man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a grey dog .
Large gray dog being handed a white soccer ball .
someone is holding out a punctured ball in front of a brown dog with a red collar .
The owner tries to hand a deflated ball to his dog .
A girl kisses another little girl while the third is falling out of frame .
Three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek .
three well dressed girls , one kissing the other , a third leaning back .
Three young girls are embracing each other and seem happy .
Two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown .
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
Kids swimming underwater in the pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
Two boys are swimming underwater with a woman in the background .
A boy in a striped shirt straddles two railings .
A boy in a striped shirt straddling the sides of a playground bridge .
A boy straddles a bridge on a play set outside .
The boy is on top of the railings .
The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings .
a girl wearing red submerges from the water .
a young girl in a swimming suit emerging from the water .
A young girl in red bathing suit is in the pool .
Blond girl with missing front tooth , in pool .
The little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit .
A black dog running .
A black dog is running through a wooded area .
A black dog running through the forest .
Dog running through the woods .
The dog rounds the curve coming out of the woods .
An older woman in a red vest with a group of other people at the street .
an old lady walks down the street .
A woman in a red vest stands in a crowd .
A woman in red stands with other people outside .
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion .
A man gets ready to take a picture .
A man is looking at his camera
A man looking at a picture in his camera .
A man with a digital camera , looking at the screen .
A photographer prepares for a shot .
A dog is catching a Frisbee i its mouth .
A white dog catches a red disc in his mouth .
A white dog leaps up to grab a pink Frisbee .
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee .
a boy in a white t-shirt is playing on a swing that is attached to a tree .
A child smiles on a tree swing .
A child swings high with trees in the background .
A toddler at the high point of a swing in a tree .
A young boy riding in a swing .
A big dog shakes itself dry while standing in a creek .
A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake .
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself .
A tan dog is shaking water off its fur .
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .
A blonde woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .
A lady paying attention to what she is watching , another woman taking photos .
A woman in a blue shirt gazes into the distance .
A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
Woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
A boy holding a toy football , runs along a paved path .
A boy runs past a house carrying a very small plastic foam football .
A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway .
A person runs with a small football .
a young boy running on a sidewalk holding a small football .
A black dog in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is swimming with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
A dog swims in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a black dog plays with a ball in the water .
A black dog runs in the water holding a pink toy in its mouth .
A black dog standing in shallow water with a pink ball in its mouth .
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball .
A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land .
A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush .
A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush .
One tan dog with a stick and one mostly black dog .
Two dogs playing outside .
A boy rides a horse .
A young boy rides a brown horse bareback .
Child with purple shirt and bluejeans is atop a brown horse .
The kid is getting onto the horses back by holding onto its hair .
The small child is on a horse 's back .
A brown , white , and black dog runs in the sand .
a large brown dog is running across sand dunes in front of some small green foliage .
A striped dog is running in the desert .
A wild dog runs through the desert .
A wolf running in sandy plains .
An oriental florist arranging flowers
A person looking to the right standing between plants in buckets and a banana box .
A woman dressed in black standing at a green counter with barrels of flowers placed on it .
A woman is standing at a counter that is holding buckets of flowers .
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes .
A man fishes near some white waves .
A man is holding up a stick by a breaking wave in the ocean .
A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand .
Man fishes in ocean .
There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave .
A couple dressed for a formal event posing together .
A couple outside a church after a wedding .
A couple posing outside a building , while a woman in a green dress walks by .
A young couple in formal pose for a picture .
Young couple pose for camera in formal wear , older man and woman in background .
Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose , while one holds a drink .
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink .
Two men in white suits cheer
Two men wearing white suits and sunglasses are at a party punching their hands into the air .
Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar .
A lady with red hair is standing in front of a mixing table with another person behind her holding up their hands .
A middle aged woman is standing by a DJ deck in a house .
A middle aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point .
An older woman stands by turn tables as another female flips off the camera .
Red haired lady acts like a DJ .
A boy standing next to large fountain , with an office building in the background .
Kids are standing in the sprinklers getting soaked with water .
People are playing in water fountains .
People standing in water spouts in the city on a sunny day .
Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky .
A child in a white and orange outfit doing push ups .
A girl wearing blue goggles on her head makes a face while laying on the grass .
A little girl makes a goofy face and does a half push up in the grass .
A little girl with a bow in her hair , doing a push-up on the grass .
Child lying in the grass and wearing blue swim goggles on its head .
Three girls fell on top of one another and are laughing histerically .
Three girls pile on top of each other on the concrete .
Three girls playing on the ground .
Three teenage girls rolling all over each other on the ground , laughing
Three young girls play wrestling and laugh a lot .
A jeep tries driving over a rocky hill .
An off road vehicle climbs over a dirt hill .
A vehicle comes over the top of a hill .
A white jeep in the dirt in the woods .
Monster Truck rides through dirt field
Children are playing badminton in the garden .
Children play badminton on the lawn .
Three children are playing badminton .
Three young boys playing badminton , with a fence in the background .
Two boys hold badminton rackets to the sky in a backyard .
A bald man is sitting on a rock next to a woman in a black jacket .
One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
The couple pauses atop a rocky overlook .
two people are sitting on a rock looking at the horizon .
Two people on a rock looking at each other .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
A black dog is looking down at another black dog lying on the grass .
Two big black dogs play with each other in the grass .
Two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together .
Two black dogs are playing on the grass .
two black dogs play together on a lawn
A group of children are playing near a statue .
A group of kids play on a colorful structure .
Four children playing on a tent-like structure
Four middle eastern children , three girls and one boy , climb on a grotto with a pink interior .
Some children climb around a shrine .
a brown and white dog chasing a ball on some grass .
a brown and white dog has is playing with a white ball on the grass .
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass .
A orange dog playing with a white ball on green grass .
A small brown dog paws at a white ball
A little blonde girl running outside .
A little blonde girl wearing yellow laughing and running .
A little girl in a yellow jumper runs holding a bucket .
Little girl with blond curly hair and wearing a yellow dress is jumping up .
The young girl in the yellow dress is running in the garden area .
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing .
A little girl is hanging upside down from a swing attached to a tree .
A little girl with brown hair , jeans , and a white polka dot shirt , hangs upside down on a swing in her backyard .
A young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing .
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
A city break dancer starts to spin .
A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
Children watch a man doing dance moves .
The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
A girl wading through water in a lake .
A lit girl splashes around in natural water .
a young child running in the shallows at a lake .
A young girl playing in the water with others watching in the background .
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water .
Two girls are on a fair ride that is forcing them to be smashed together .
Two girls enjoy a ride at an amusement park .
Two girls on a ride at an amusement park .
Two girls riding an amusement park ride .
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .
A little boy in red skateboarding .
A young boy is skating through a skating park .
A young boy skateboards on a sidewalk at a skate park .
Little boy with red shirt and grey shorts does a trick on a skateboard .
A man skis on a snowy mountain .
A person skis down a steep snowy hill .
a skier skiing down a snowy mountainside
A skier speeds through the snow .
The skier is descending the hill whilst wearing a silver helmet and red backpack .
A brown dog fetching a ball out of the water .
A brown dog is climbing out of the water with a green ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is pulling itself out of the water onto some rocks with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water .
A dog with a ball in its mouth getting out of the water .
A black dog on a white carpet next to an orange .
A black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor .
A black puppy standing inside beside an orange .
An orange on the floor next to a dog .
The black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange .
A dog jumping over a fence .
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field .
A white dog with black spots is jumping over a white fence .
The dog leaps over the fence in the park .
The spotted dog jumps a fence .
a muzzled white dog is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running through an uncut field with a fence nearby .
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees .
White dog with a muzzle running in the grass .
A male in grey pants with a blue shirt and backpack walking down a sidewalk in a neighborhood .
A man walks between houses
A person with a backpack carrying bags of groceries down a sidewalk between houses .
A woman with a backpack walks along a series of buildings .
The person is walking down a paved walk between two rows of houses .
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb .
A toddler , with a paper hat and face paint , sucking his thumb .
A young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .
The child has blue and black face paint on , and is wearing a paper crown .
Young boy wearing a paper printed hat , blue jacket and blue and black face paint holds hands near mouth
A man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock .
A man in brown pants , white shirt and orange hat stands on a rock near a wooded area .
A man is standing on the top of a rock .
a man wearing an orange cap and brown cargo pants stands on a rock by some green trees .
A man wearing an orange cap , white shirt , cargo pants , and hiking boots stands on a rock .
A brown dog in a red harness chasing a red ball .
A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball .
A dog in a harness chasing a red ball .
A dog wearing a harness is playing with red ball in a grassy area .
A pitbull dog chasing a red ball .
Boy walks across shallow , reflective water in park area , ocean in background .
Man walking through large puddle of water .
People sit and walk outside near the water .
Person walking across a large puddle of water in a park .
Trees are reflected by a thin layer of water on the cement .
a lone skier jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
a skier jumps over a gap .
A skier doing a flip while jumping .
The skier does a flip .
The skier does a high flip over snow in the mountains .
A black dog carries a bucket in its mouth .
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot .
A dog next to pine tree biting on a bucket
A furry black dog in a backyard carrying a basket in its mouth .
A furry dog is walking by green trees while carrying something in its mouth .
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .
A woman in a black shirt smiling front of a car
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck .
Smiling girl in front of a white truck .
A group of children are playing with bubbles outdoors .
Children play outside of a building trying to catch large bubbles .
group of kids outside a building reaching for a bubble
The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble .
With a yellow building in the background , several children are looking in the air .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A small child wears skis on a ski hill .
a young girl wearing a grey snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain .
A girl in a hat hangs from ropes in the woods .
A girl in a yellow sun hat is hanging on ropes .
A little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes .
A little girl in a hat , striped shirt , and red shorts walking on a rope bridge .
A young girl balances on a rope ladder outside .
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl .
an ambulance drives on the street .
A red ambulance drives down the street as two people look on .
Two people in Seattle looking at an ambulance in the street .
Two people stand before an ambulance .
A boy in a shirt and tie jumps off a staircase .
A child , wearing a tie , jumps off steps .
A young boy in dress clothes and a tie is jumping in the air .
Boy in white dress shirt , black slacks , tie and sneakers jumping down from steps near yellow flowers .
The young boy with nice pants , a belt , and a tie is jumping off the steps
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood .
A woman lays on a sofa in a yard .
A woman lies down on an old couch sitting on the grass .
Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn .
There is a couch sitting on grass with a girl in jeans and light brown hair on it .
A man and a dog are in a canoe on the water .
A man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog .
Man in kayak with large dog
Man paddling canoe on green water , with dog in boat .
The man holds a wooden paddle in a canoe with his dog .
A child in a pink hat on a pink surfboard .
A girl in pink and man in black paddle through water .
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surfboard .
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board .
Two children splash through the water , one is wearing a pink swim cap .
A police officer posing with two army officers beside his motorcycle .
There are three policemen and a police motorcycle .
Three police officers next to a police motorcycle .
Three police officers pose with a motorcycle .
Two men in red berets pose with a motorcycle cop .
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background .
some men crossing the street in a busy city
Three men crossing a street , with trucks in the background .
Three men cross the street in front of a yellow truck .
Three men walking on a city street in front of a yellow bus and two FedEx trucks .
A brown dog chews on an orange ball .
A dog bites a big orange ball .
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A dog playing with a ball .
The brown dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A man in a red shirt shopping for candy
A person wearing a homemade storm trooper helmet looking at a display of candy .
A young man wearing a large space helmet is looking at candy in a market .
Man with storm trooper head gear on shops for candy .
Person standing in front of colorful display of candy .
A bug sits on a girls finger while she looks shocked .
A girl in a school uniform screams with a bug on her finger .
A girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared .
A young girl makes a face as she looks at an insect on her finger .
The girl with glasses on has a bug on her right pointer finger .
A fisherman stands on the beach on a gray day .
A man holding a fishing pole and tackle box walking in from the ocean .
a man in a yellow cap is on the beach carrying a fishing pole .
A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach .
A person is standing in the ocean fully clothed holding a fishing pole in one hand and a tackle box in the other .
Two girls in skirts smiling in a park .
Two girls playing .
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .
Two young girls running towards tge camera in front of a flower garden and 4 adults looking at the flower garden .
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden .
A black dog splashes through the water .
A brown and tan dog is running through shallow water .
A dog is running in the ocean beside the beach .
A dog running through water .
Dog splashes running across water .
A child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog .
A woman and a boy on a unicycle .
A woman holds a leash with a dog in one hand and the hand of a child riding a unicycle in the other .
A woman holding the hand of a child in a red helmet on a unicycle .
The woman walking the dog is holding the hand of the child on the unicycle .
A black dog in front of a waterfall .
A black dog is standing in front of a waterfall .
A black dog plays around near a waterfall .
Black dog prancing through the river .
The large black dog is walking in the water .
A blonde boy with a long purple Mohawk is playing the violin .
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin .
A boy with a purple , spiky Mohawk plays violin .
A kid with a blue Mohawk is playing a violin
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin .
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart holding up a cardboard sign .
A guy holding a sign , with a shopping cart .
a homeless man holding a sign written on cardboard
A man holds a sign seeking money .
homeless man begging for money using humorous sign .
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach .
A girl in jeans does a handstand on the shore of the ocean .
A woman does a handstand on the beach .
A woman wearing jeans is doing a handstand on the beach .
A boy in a black shirt is inside a structure with wooden ceiling beams .
A boy is playing in a dark theater near the stage .
A male in a black shirt near a large curved archway .
A young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background .
A young man wearing a black shirt looks down .
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .
A boy falling headfirst into a pool
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping headfirst into a swimming pool .
A brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool .
A young boy jumping upside-down into a pool .
A little boy is splashing around in the water in a kiddie pool .
A small boy in a blue shirt splashes water in a baby pool outside .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .
a young boy paying in a small pool with water
A young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
A girl wearing a pink dress swings a hula hoop around her neck .
A little girl in a pick dress hula hoops with her neck outside .
Blond girl paying with a hula hoop .
Blond haired girl in pink dress with blue striped hula-hoop swinging around her neck .
A girl sits and laughs while in a kiddie pool .
A little girl in a metal tub filled with water .
A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water .
A small girl in a tub of water .
A smiling young girl wearing a swimsuit is soaking in a tub of water .
A skinny girl rides by on a bike with a lot of people in the background .
A thin young woman in a green t-shirt cycles by a grey car .
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
A young woman riding a bike down a street past a crowd of people .
People of all ilks on a busy street .
A little boy and girl are jumping on a trampoline in front of a yellow building .
Two children , a boy and a girl , in the air above a trampoline .
Two children jumping on a trampoline .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
Two young children Bounce on a short trampoline .
four children lay on a tube .
Several girls on a raft floating in rough waters .
The four kids are riding a raft on the water .
The kids ride a boat in the water .
Three girls and one boy are holding onto a raft as they are being pulled by a road through the water .
A man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump .
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .
The man in the blue shirt is surrounded by three dogs in the grass .
Three dogs are jumping up at the man waving a stick .
Three dogs trying to get a stick from their owner .
Two children are dressed as pirates .
Two children dressed as pirates
Two children kneeling down with pirate hats on
Two young boys are kneeling in the bushes wearing pirate costumes .
Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down .
A black dog and a brown dog close together .
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path .
One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting .
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs , face to face , on a dirt road .
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
A little girl plays in a ball pit .
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
A small girl is playing in a ball pit
a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls
A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet .
A dog laying with a blue blanket over his eyes .
A dog lays on a bed with a blue sheet while also partially covered with a blue sheet .
A dog under a sheet .
The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet .
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole .
A man sits on rocks by an empty chair at the ocean 's edge .
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
Man sits near water with fishing pole and empty camping chair .
The man in the white shirt is sitting on a rock with a pole in front of him .
A man holding up a red sign that offers the honest trade of a good poem for a Giant 's ticket .
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket .
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a Giants ticket .
A man in a grey shirt and backpack is offering poems for a Giants ticket .
Desperate Giant fan tries a creative approach to garner tickets .
A girl performs skateboarding tricks in an arena for skateboarders , while wearing a helmet .
A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard .
A shirtless skateboarder .
A skateboarder wearing a grey helmet is riding his board along a concrete curve .
A view from the top of a skateboarder at the top of a ramp .
A girl in a bikini wears a sign saying " free hugs " .
A girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck .
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
a girl wears a sign that says " free hugs " .
Woman in blue bikini wearing a " free hugs " sign .
a large woman dances .
A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .
I woman in a red halter dances to guitar music .
The large dancer is slinging her hair around .
Woman flips her hair as she dances outdoors , band in background .
A boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool .
a boy jumps into the pool .
A boy splashes in a pool with his arms out to catch something .
a young boy jumping to catch something in a pool .
Boy reaches up while in pool .
A boy in blue and red trunks , with a green ball in his hand . is jumping into a pool .
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
A boy jumps into a pool while holding a ball .
boy in floral swim trunks jumps into the pool
Boy in red and blue flowered trunks jumps into pool holding green ball .
A blonde girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle .
A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline .
A woman looking at view of a city .
Blonde lady looks at Space Needle
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .
A black dog and a golden dog approaching one another
A black dog and tan dog run towards each other on a beach .
a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach .
Two dogs playing on a rocky beach .
Two dogs running on the sand .
A man in a large red truck .
A man in a red truck is staring out the driver-side window .
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .
A truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck .
The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
A woman in a hi-viz jacket is smiling at person carrying a stop sign in front of a crane .
a workers standing in the road holding a stop sign in front of another worker
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic .
Two construction workers holding signs interact on a street in front of a large truck .
Two flaggers chatting on a construction site .
A brown dog races on an obstacle course .
A dog jumping over hurdles .
A dog leaps over the bar .
A long-haired dog is jumping over horizontal poles .
The dog is jumping over a yellow and white fence on an obstacle course .
The two boys , one in orange the other in teal , wrestle in the sand .
Two boys are playing in the sand at a playground .
Two boys tussle in the sand at a park .
Two boys wrestle together in the sand .
Two young boys are wrestling in a sand pit .
A man fly fishes in a large river .
A man stands on the edge of the water and holds a fishing pole .
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters .
one lone fisherman with his line cast out into the river .
The man is fishing at the water 's edge .
A little blonde girl stands on a pink skateboard .
A young blonde girl tries to ride a skateboard .
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
Little girl in pink skateboard .
The young girl is standing on a skateboard .
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .
A closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe .
A white dog in a brown collar drinking from a spigot .
A white puppy is drinking water from a tap attached to a white wall .
The dog is drinking water from a fountain .
A dog is running away in the grass
A dog running on grass .
A dog running through the grass .
a dog runs across the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A boy is riding on an orange body-board in the ocean .
A child is laying on a bodyboard in the ocean with a man 's head in the background .
A child rides an orange boogie board in the waves while an adult looks on from the water .
a lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background
People are swimming and floating in the ocean .
the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water .
Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water .
Three boys on an intertube in water
Three little boys on a float in a river .
Three people are in a body of water .
A climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above .
A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock .
A woman works hard to maintain a fingerhold as she climbs a rock face .
Man straining to climb cliff face .
The gal in the yellow hardhat is rock climbing up the steep rock .
a black dog about to jump into a lack to get a small ball .
a black dog gets ready to jump into the water .
A black dog is preparing to jump off a dock into the water to fetch a ball .
A black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball
A dog leans off the dock to fetch a ball in the water .
A big , furry , black dog is on a blue leash and is coming out of the water .
A black dog on a blue leash is walking in a stream .
A black dog on a leash walking in water
A wet black dog emerges from the water .
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water .
A boy jumps on a bed .
A kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material .
A little boy wearing white jumps on the bed .
A toddler in a white sports shorts set jumping on a bed
Child in white jumping on bed
A smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds .
A woman dressed in a Nike shirt and matching pants looks down at the ground .
A woman wearing a blue uniform stands and looks down .
The lady smiles on a clear day .
The woman is all dressed in blue and standing under a blue sky .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water , his leg thrust out .
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
A group of four women raft along a river .
a group of girls in a small blue and red boat with yellow oars
Four people in life jackets float on a raft .
Four people in orange vests in a blue inflatable boat with yellow paddles .
Kids rafting down the river .
A man is standing on an animal in the water .
A man is standing on an elephant lying in some water .
A man standing on a rock in a river with a spash next to him .
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water .
A man stands on top of a submerged elephant .
A boy in camouflage jacket notices several yellow ducks on display .
A little boy , in a camouflage jacket , looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks .
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks .
A young boy wearing army gear is picking up a rubber ducky in a market .
Small boy looking at a display of yellow rubber ducks .
A couple walking on a dirt road .
A man and women walk atop a hill .
Two people backlit with light sky .
Two people walk at sunset .
Two people walk on a path as the sun casts a shadow towards the camera .
A shadowy male looking at the far away hills .
A silhouette of a man over a mountaintop .
A silhouette of a man overlooking a large valley .
Silhouette of man in front of mountain landscape
The man is in silhouette while the mountain landscape is visible .
A bike rider sitting on his bike on the sidewalk .
A leather-clad man rides a bicycle down a street
A man dressed in a black vest , black hat , and sunglasses sits on a fancy bike on a city sidewalk .
A man is riding his bicycle down the sidewalk .
Man in punkish outfit rides unusual bike on city sidewalk .
A large woman carrying bags is standing outside of a shop .
A woman in purple walking past with a white bag in her hand , while an older man and woman are off to the side .
a woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag .
People standing on a sidewalk near shops .
Three people and a baby carriage in front of a store .
A brown furry dog is biting a no hair brown dog .
a brown hairy dog nibbles the ear of another dog that is baring its teeth .
A shaggy dog bites the cheek of a short-haired dog .
Two dogs are biting each other in the snow .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
A banner about a beauty parlor .
A billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street .
A dark haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor .
A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building .
A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door .
A group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path .
A group of people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
Group of horse riders travel through the woods .
Horseback riders file down a wooded path .
Several people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
a boy in a white shirt and jeans in what looks like a black camper
A child in a white shirt and jeans .
A little boy in a white shirt and jeans stands in an R.V.
A little boy stands in the doorway of a van .
A small boy in jeans and a white shirt holding a piece of paper in a black vehicle .
a black dog is emerging from a red tunnel .
A border collie is running out of a red tunnel obstacle .
A dog peeks out of a red play tunnel .
Dog in folding red tunnel on grass .
The black and white dog sprints through the red parachute tunnel on the grassy field .
A little blonde girl splashing in a mud puddle .
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big , sloppy area of mud !
A little girl with blonde hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle .
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle .
A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle
A shirtless man with a brown and white dog looking at a woman in jeans and a bikini top who is relaxing on a bench .
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench .
A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
A woman is sitting on a bench while talking to a shirtless man .
A woman with a hat is sitting on a skateboard which is on top of a bench and speaking with a shirtless man .
A little boy in a striped shirt going down a light and dark blue slide .
A little boy is sliding down a teal and blue slide .
A small boy is riding a water slide
Small boy holding is arm out to balance himself while he goes down the fairground slide .
Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide .
A brown and white dog plays with a ball in the dirt .
A brown dog is chasing after a soccer ball .
A brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball .
The dog runs towards the ball .
This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball .
A brown and white dog is standing on a beach with a tennis ball beside it .
A dog is on the beach near a ball .
a dog on the beach .
The brown dog is standing next to a ball on the beach .
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
Two children lay under a sculpture of a fish , about to swallow them .
Two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture .
Two children on their stomachs lay on the ground under a pipe .
Two children play beneath a metal statue .
Two young girls make faces from below a sculpture .
A group of older people are sitting outside under their marine-life-themed umbrella .
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade .
A group of people sit on an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants .
A group of people sitting in chairs in a circle having a conversation .
Several people are sitting around a table on a patio .
A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup .
Boy drinking , at backyard table full of bowls of food .
Child sitting at a backyard picnic table .
Little boy is drinking out of a glass at a picnic .
The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it .
a boy holding an oar walk through the ocean .
a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach .
A boy is on the beach with a paddle in his hand as he walks through the ocean water .
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
A little boy walks with a paddle out into the sand .
A girl posing next to a big statue with a big nose .
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving .
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll .
A woman poses in front of a statue , while a man and another woman photograph her .
Woman in black shirt posing for pictures in front of statue .
The woman in yellow is throwing the football to the woman in brown .
Two girls playing catch on a lawn
Two girls throw a ball back and forth in their backyard .
Two girls throwing a football in their backyard .
Two women play catch in a yard .
a big black and white dog jumping in a body of water .
A brown dog is jumping into a pond .
A brown dog leaps over the water in a grassy and tree-lined yard .
A large brown dog is jumping into a pond .
The large brown dog jumps into a pond .
A girl in a pink hat is running past a green wheelbarrow .
A girl runs in front of a wheelbarrow .
A little girl wearing a hat , playing surrounded by a wheelbarrow with wood in the background and a building .
A little girl wearing a pink hat is running near some garden tools .
A young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard .
A close-up of a man and woman wearing hats with pins on them
A guy and a girl wearing baseball caps and black scarves around their necks .
A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo .
The girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap .
Two people sit side by side up against a tree .
A blonde woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away .
a girl in a blue hoodie is carrying a brown bag
A woman in patterned blue jeans and a green sweater walks away whilst carrying a brown plastic bag .
A woman walking , wearing a green shirt and jeans
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store .
A man is walking a dog on a leash down the street
A man walking his dog in a crosswalk .
a man walks his dog in the street .
The man in the denim outfit walks a black and tan dog on a crosswalk .
Young man walking dog
A brown dog with a pink collar with a heart on it playing with a bigger dog .
Big dog trying to bite little dog
Both the larger dog and the smaller dog have their mouths open .
Two brown dogs fighting each other .
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat .
A child hits a baseball .
A little boy batting with a red helmet on .
A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches
Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field .
A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes .
A campsite with tents and picnic tables .
A group of people camp in tents near some trees .
A woman at a campground .
People are camping in a group .
A boy and a girl are riding in a red seat on a fairground ride .
A girl and a boy enjoy a fast amusement ride .
A young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park .
Two children ride in a red seat on a fair ride and smile .
Two kids are on a fair ride and are slipping to one side of the car .
two brown and white dogs fighting over a Frisbee
Two dogs fighting over a Frisbee
Two dogs outside fighting over a red Frisbee .
Two dogs play with a Frisbee on the lawn .
Two dogs try to get the chewed-up red Frisbee from the other .
A person wearing a blue jacket , blue jacket and black earmuffs is holding up a newspaper .
A woman holding a newspaper .
A woman holds a newspaper that says " Real change " .
A woman with ear muffs holds a paper that says " real change " on the cover .
A woman in holding up a newspaper headline reading " Real Change . "
A lady in black clothing holds her baby in a red sling .
A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket .
A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap .
A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling .
A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier .
A group of people wait in similar attire .
an asian girl wearing a red hat along side several others with red hats as well
A small group of Asian women wearing red head scarves and black shirts are shopping .
five Japanese ladies wear red bandanas
Several asian women wearing red cloths on their heads .
A black and brown dog chasing after a bull in a fenced , muddy area .
A bull runs from an aggressive dog behind him .
A dog chases a bull through a muddy pen .
A small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area .
The dog barks madly at the bull in the pen .
A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair .
A girl with a long , curly , red hair and green eyes .
A red-haired woman looks off-camera .
A red haired woman looks past the cameraman .
The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance .
A black haired woman in a white skirt and black boots is carrying a red bag and walking down the street .
A short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed up walks down the sidewalk with her back turned .
A woman in a skirt and boots with a red bag walking down the sidewalk .
A woman with a short , white skirt , black boots and a red bag walks away .
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd .
Two people are dressed in animal costumes and are walking down a street .
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd .
Two people dressed in animal costume outside of a building .
Two people in animal suits in a square .
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .
A boy is making the victory sign with both hands
A boy is standing on a grassy field with his arms raised while others are standing behind him .
A young boy poses in a grassy field as onlookers stand in the background .
People are standing in a field .
two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together
Two women in skirts walking across a street .
Two women ion skirts walk across a parking lot .
Two women , wearing skirts and carrying purses , cross street in urban area .
Two women with purses walk in an urban location .
A black and a brown dog are fighting .
The black dog and brown dog are wrestling in front of the fireplace .
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling .
Two dogs wrestling in front of a fireplace
Two dog wrestling .
A black dog finishes running down a blue and orange ramp .
A black dog has just run down a blue and red ramp on an obstacle course .
A dog and person doing an agility course .
a dog runs dog a ramp .
A dog runs down a ramp past its trainer .
A child playing on the monkey bars at a playground with an adult present .
a girl hangs on the bars .
A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground .
a young children hanging upside at the playground
girl hanging upside down on blue monkey bars
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail .
A collie is running through an obstacle course
Collie jumping over a training hurdle that is on the grass .
Collie making a jump over a yellow hurdle .
The dog is leaping over a hurdle .
A little girl in a pink hat is playing with a soccer ball .
A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass .
Little girl with pink hat playing with a soccer ball .
The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball .
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area .
a little girl running in a field
A little girl walking on the green grass in front of a big stone .
A small child is in a grassy field near an old structure .
a small child running along the grass with a large pilar in the background
A young child walks on the grass away from a stone monument .
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide .
Two children holding hands going down a large inflatable slide .
Two girls slide down the air-filled slide .
Two kids slide down a giant inflatable slide .
Two little girls slide down an inflated slide .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain .
a girl takes a sip from the water fountain .
A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain .
The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain .
A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child 's playground .
A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand .
A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire .
Man holding torch of fire .
Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground .
A man is playing with a fire baton in the day light .
A man juggling fire .
A man stands near a playground .
Man throws flames outside .
The guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground .
A girl doing the splits in midair .
A girl is doing the splits in the air in front of some trees .
A woman grabbing her feet while jumping in front of trees .
A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree .
Jumping girl grabs her feet , plants in background .
A man in a helmet treads water .
A man wearing a helmet , floating in the water .
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water .
Mountain climber safely lands in the water .
The spelunker finds water during his trek .
A kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball .
Children chasing the ball in a soccer game .
Little boys running and chasing a soccer ball .
The boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball .
Two teams of children , one in red and the other in white , are playing soccer .
A man and young boy play on the monkey bars .
A man holding a young boy so he can cross the monkey bars at the playground .
A man in orange shorts holds a child up on play equipment .
A man lifts a child up to reach the bars at a playground .
A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground .
A dog plays with a soccer ball
A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it .
A dog with a blue collar plays ball outside .
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head in a grass field .
The dog , all belly , leaps in the air to catch a large ball .
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool .
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .
Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
Child in kiddie pool splashes water , sticks out tongue .
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool .
A baby sits with a big sleeping dog .
A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog .
A little boy is petting a very large sleeping dog .
A little child is sitting next to a beige colored dog .
A young boy plays with a sleeping tan dog .
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand
A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water .
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms .
Boy plays in fountain while man holds his hands .
the young boy in red jumpos in the puddle .
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts poses in front of a mountain .
A man in a grey t-shirt standing in front of a snow-covered mountain .
A man poses near a mountain .
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
A girl sliding down a pole
A small child with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a pink and brown shirt climbs on a pole near wooden playground equipment .
A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment .
A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure .
A young girl sliding down a black pole .
A girl blows a whistle .
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle .
A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle .
A small girl blows a whistle .
A young girl in a yellow flowered sundress holds something in her right hand to her mouth .
A bearded man in white clothes is sitting on a long bench .
A man dressed in white sitting on a bench .
A man in a white outfit on a bench
A man wearing white sits on a wooden bench against a white wall .
an middle eastern man in a white robe is sitting on a wooden bench with his shoes off .
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt .
Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window .
Two girls are standing outside of build-a-bear .
Two little girls in front of the Build a Bear workshop .
Two young girls play together in a mall .
A male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains .
A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains .
A man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop .
A man sits on a rock near mountains .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background .
a man enjoying the view from top of a mountain
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the side of a mountain wearing a backpack .
A man in grey on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .
A man sits on a cliff and looks out over another mountain .
one man wearing a grey shirt and a backpack with snowy mountains in the backgroud
A firetruck stops and makes a call at a bridge , where a man and his dogs are running .
A firetruck with ladder extended on the side of the road .
A jogger with a dog approaches a ladder truck .
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
A man walks on a sidewalk and a firetruck is nearby .
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .
An older couple jogging by the water
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .
Two people wearing blue are jogging on a sidewalk in front of a lake with mountains in the backround .
Two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake . with another person
a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
A boy slides through a tube .
A smiling child slides down a slippery tube slide
A young boy wearing a red coat is playing in a long tunnel .
Smiling boy in tube , extending had toward camera .
A boy kicks a ball in his living room .
A boy kicks a blue ball in a room .
A child kicks a ball into the air .
A child standing on one foot and surrounded by toys .
A little boy is kicking a blue ball on the carpet surrounded by toys .
Two dogs run in a field looking at an unseen Frisbee .
Two black and white dogs in a field of flowers and grass .
Two black and white dogs look toward something in the air while running in a grassy field .
two black and white dogs running in a flowery field
Two dogs change direction in an uncut field surrounded by low brush .
Twin girls in orange shirts and green pants are jumping .
Twins in orange shirts jumping on a trampoline .
Two girls with orange shirts .
Two identically dressed young children jump outside .
Two young twin girls in matching green and orange outfits jump in the air .
A little boy in a red shirt plays with a park telescope while a girl in a pink skirt watches .
A little boy plays with a telescope in a park while a little girl watches .
A little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches .
A young boy uses a water gun as a young girl watches
The boy in a red shirt plays with the telescope as a girl in a pink dress watches .
A chubby or buff kid in shorts is holding on to weights .
A small boy is holding some weights .
A young boy with no shirt and white shorts .
Boy in shorts holding a remote .
The little boy is wearing white shorts .
A hippie girl is dancing in front of a band while carrying a bottle of water
A woman dancing with a bottle of water to the band playing behind her .
A woman wearing a halter top dancing in front of a band .
A woman with a strapless top is dancing to guitar music and holding a water bottle .
A young woman with a water bottle , near a guitarist .
A couple in the front are dancing among a group of people .
A couple with bright hair embracing near a crowd of others .
A group of people is gathered in front of fountains while a couple wearing leather outfits are in an embrace .
A group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain .
Two women in black embrace at crowded outdoor event .
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it .
A man dressed in black leather with a red bandanna is smiling at the camera .
A man wearing a leather jacket .
a man wearing a red headband and a leather outfit standing outside .
A man with a beard , red headband , and leather vest smiles .
A lady waiting .
an asian woman stands with her messanger bag .
A woman looking away from the camera , and another woman standing next to a wall and by a fence .
A woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall .
Women wait on a sidewalk .
Children are jumping up and down inside a caged trampoline beside a building .
four children are playing on a trampoline .
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline .
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors .
Young girls jump on an outdoor trampoline .
A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing .
A girl on a swing in the park .
A girl plays on the swing .
A girl sings on the swing set in the park , behind the leaves of the tree .
A little girl on a swing .
A blond man with big blue eyes is smiling
A man in a green scarf is bearing his teeth .
A man making a funny face towards the camera using wide eyes and a large smile .
A man with red hair grins .
A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera .
The women sit outside on the steps reading and drinking .
Two girls sit by a doorway on the steps .
Two women in period dress sitting in a doorway .
Two women in traditional European dress sit on a stoop , one drinking , the other reading .
Two women with white head garb and long dresses sitting in front of a door on steps reading and drinking a beverage .
A rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
A woman climbing a rock cliff .
A woman in jeans rock climbing .
The woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her .
Woman goes rock climbing .
A backpacker in the mountains using his hiking stick to point at a glacier .
A backpacker points to the snow-capped mountains as he stands on a rocky plain .
A hiker is pointing towards the mountains .
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
A man with a green pack using his pole to point to snowcapped mountains .
A group of people hiking through ice .
Four mountaineers are walking on a trail under the moon that is visible in the blue sky .
Four people maneuvering over a snowy , rocky terrain .
People on a snowy hill .
Several people are standing on top of a snowy , rocky hill with the moon in the sky .
A child in yellow overalls is walking over packed dirt .
A child without a shirt running in the dirt .
A little boy in overalls runs fast on a dirt trail .
A small child in overalls running .
A toddler is running down the path with an orange toy in his hand .
A child in a red jacket , sitting atop a slide .
A toddler in tan pants and a red hoddie on a slide .
Small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind .
The little boy has a red coat on as he plays outside .
The little boy in the red coat and tan pants is at the top of the slide , holding on to the handles of the slide .
A man dressing in a black shirt is waiting to cross the street with traffic .
A man standing in a crosswalk
A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
An asian man tries to jaywalk on a street with heavy traffic .
Man waits for taxis to pass before crossing the wet road .
A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans is doing a flip on his bike .
A person flipping a bicycle upside down .
a person flips on a bike .
A person in a red shirt doing tricks on a bicycle .
A person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field .
A climber traverses a rope ladder between cliffs .
a long woman wearing a white helment crossing a chain linked bridge
A man is crossing a mountain pass on a metal bridge .
A woman is walking across a step ladder bridge between two mountains .
A woman traverses a wire bridge across a rocky canyon .
A woman in a black jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street .
A woman in a dark jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street .
A woman wearing black and white crossing a road .
a woman with a bag around her standing in the street
woman in black and sunglasses standing in road
A group exercise session at the beach .
A group of people are doing aerobics in the ocean .
A woman is leading an exercise group on the seashore .
many people exercising in the ocean
The ladies do water aerobics on the beach .
A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain .
A man holding a cup on a snow mountain .
A man in a yellow suit is holding up a cup while standing in snow .
A mountain climber stops for a drink .
A mountaineer in a yellow jacket is drinking from a thermos cup .
A man at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view in the background
A man is sitting on a snowbank .
A man on a snowy peak .
A person in red snow gear is kneeling on a snowy ridge under a blue sky .
mountain climber in a red suit poses on snowy peak with mountains in the background
The children play in the pool .
Two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool .
Two children playing in a swimming pool .
Two children play in the water of an above-ground pool .
Two little girls playing in the pool .
A boy that is wearing a brown hat and shoes that have red soles is on a swing in a park .
A boy with closed eyes , wearing a hat , on a swing .
a boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing .
A little kid plays on the swing at the playground .
a young girl swings on a swing .
A bearded man in jeans and a black shirt riding a bicycle in the street .
A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus .
A white-bearded man rides a bike next to a city bus .
Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike .
The man with a white beard rides a bike near a bus .
A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard .
A dog runs for a tennis ball in a backyard with a tile courtyard .
A grey dog runs in a backyard terrace .
A white dog running in the backyard .
Grey dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard .
A girl jumping in a puddle .
A small girl jumps in a puddle .
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .
Little girl jumping in water puddle
Young girl in red skirt jumping in water on a flooded street .
Two boys and a ball
Two boys are playing with a soccer ball on a sports field .
Two boys run after a soccer ball on a field .
Two children play soccer on green grass .
Two little boys playing soccer on a field .
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
Boys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team .
Two boys soccer teams play , one boy goes after the ball .
Two teams of boys playing soccer .
A man dressed in green with a blue backpack takes photos while sitting on a rocky surface .
A man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks .
A man is trying to photograph a rocky outcropping .
A man with a backpack climbs over many rocks .
Man with outdoor gear taking a picture .
A bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge .
A man dressed in warm clothes stands before a bridge that traverses a river .
A man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river .
The man is walking outside near a rocky river .
There is a man with a moustache , cap and backpack standing by a bridge that running crosses water .
A city street has three people walking in different directions .
A man stands by a building while others are nearby .
Men walk down a street with skyscrapers in the background .
The buildings are brown and the sky is blue .
Three men on a city street with the shot taken up and out toward the buildings .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench
An older couple is resting on a bench .
An older man and woman sitting on a cement bench with frowns on their faces .
An older woman and an old man sitting down looking unhappy .
An overweight woman and man have upset faces as they sit on a bench .
A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool .
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
A girl plays in a small pool .
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool .
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball .
There is a dog with a Frisbee and a dog jumping up to get a ball in the green grass .
Two dogs jump for the same tennis ball as a dog runs with a Frisbee in the background
Two dogs jumping for a ball , with a third carrying a Frisbee .
Two dogs reach for a yellow Frisbee as it flies through the air .
A boy is leading donkeys on a path .
A man and two pack mules walk across a field in front of a mountain .
A man is walking in a field behind two donkeys .
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A person in a blue jacket follows two donkeys along a mountain trail .
a lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background .
A man is standing looking at the path ahead while hiking in a mountain range .
A man on top of a mountain looks at the mountains surrounding him .
A person with a backpack stands on a snowy mountain .
Sole mountain climber stands atop snowy peak looking left
A girl hanging on to the rings of a jungle gym .
A girl is hanging from metal rings .
a girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops .
A young girl reaches for playground rings with determination in her eyes .
The girl is playing on a swing set with rings .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
A man shows a fish to a child .
A man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest .
Older man showing fish to young child .
The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat .
A child in a white shirt and brown pants is walking through an uncut field .
A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass .
A small boy with braids runs through a field of tall green grass .
A young child runs through a large field of grass .
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day .
A girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym .
A girl hanging upside-down with a house in the background .
A girl hangs upside down on a swing set at a park .
A girl in a green shirt hangs upside down from playgroud equiment .
A girl in a green shirt is hanging upside down .
A man wearing red shorts dribbles a basketball behind him .
A man with no shirt plays basketball .
An athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move .
A shirtless man in red shorts bouncing a basketball on a court .
Man in red shorts bouncing a basketball .
girls with baseball gloves walking across a baseball field
A woman in camouflage and her hair up in a ponytail walks on the field with a black softball glove on one hand .
A woman playing baseball walks back to her base while her feamle teammate follows .
A woman with a glove on a baseball field with another woman
The girls return to the field during their softball game .
A brown and a brown dog are running .
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks
Two dogs run through mud .
Two large dogs run along a muddy path .
A group of girls in pink formal gowns stand in a line in front of a crowd .
Ladies wearing pink dresses and heels looking towards other people .
Six females in formal attire stand as onlookers .
Six women in pink silk dresses stand in a line with their backs to the camera .
Six women wearing matchin pink dresses in front of a crowd
A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain .
Children are being splashed with water .
Children are playing outside in a fountain .
Five children are being sprayed by a water fountain
four children are playing in a water fountain .
A man and two boys standing in spraying water .
A shirtless male looks to his right while water flows over him .
Two boys in swimsuits standing under running water .
Two boys playing in water .
Young boys enjoying a spray of water .
A few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop .
A group of climbers rest on a summit that overlooks another mountain range .
A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit .
A group of people sitting on top of rocks with snow covered mountains on both sides of them .
People are sitting on a snowy mountain .
A hiker in a tent on a mountain .
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
A man sits in his tent on a mountain .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
Someone is peaking out of a dome tent pitched near a snowy mountain .
A black dog is poised to catch a Frisbee .
A brown dog runs after a red Frisbee .
a dog in the foggy distance catching a Frisbee
A dog runs through grass , while a Frisbee flies through the air .
Animal running after Frisbee in field .
A group of children stand in the savanah , animals in the background .
A little girl in bright yellow with a group of kids .
Children are walking along a dirt path .
Many children walk together on a dirt path .
Several young children standing in the sun .
a black and white dog jumping in the air surrounded by snow
Black and white dog jumping up in the snow .
Dog jumping in the snow near a tree .
Shaggy little dog jumps in the snow .
The white and black dog leaped into the air and off the snowy ground .
Four boys are in the living room talking .
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts .
several young boys looking into a computer monitor
Three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone .
three boys stand by a computer .
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands .
A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people .
A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing .
A young boy dances in a crowd .
Crowd of people outside with child in center with hands raised .
A boy has his swear gear on .
a boy with floatlys gets ready to jump in the pool .
a young boy wearing red floaties about to jump into a pool
The little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties .
The little child is wearing red arm floaties .
A child is jumping into a swimming pool .
A little boy in black shorts jumps into a backyard pool next to a yellow stucco house .
A little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background .
The boy jumps into the blue pool .
Young child in midair descending into pool .
The hikers take a tandem leap while crossing the bridge .
two guys jumping up while crossing a bridge
Two men are jumping in the air whilst crossing a wooden bridge .
Two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains .
Two young men jump on a bridge .
A blond boy wearing water wings bends down at the beach .
A blond haired child with blue and red floaties playing in the ocean .
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .
Boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach .
Small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach .
A smiling woman holds two small children .
A woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass .
A woman is holding two children while sitting on the grass .
A woman is sitting on the grass and holding two children .
A woman wearing jeans and brown flip flops holding two blonde hair toddler girls wearing pink shorts and shoes .
A girl is skipping across the road in front of a white truck .
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot .
A girls skips rope in a parking lot .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A young black girl jumpropes through a parking lot .
A girl is in a parking lot jumping rope .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A little girl jumps rope through a parking lot
A young girl jumps rope in a parking lot in the mid-day sun .
Girl jumping rope in parking lot
A human figure stands on the peak of a snowy mountain .
A man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance .
A man is standing on rocks looking towards the mountains .
a man stands on top of a mountain .
Man standing at the top of a mountain at dusk .
A hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain .
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain .
A man hikes up a huge mountain .
Hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain .
The man is hiking up a grassy mountainside .
A hiker treks up the snowy mountain .
A man climbing a snowy mountain .
A man skiing in the mountains
A mountaineer is ascending a snow covered trail whilst attached to a rope .
A person in a blue hat climbing up a snow covered mountain .
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset .
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sunset .
A man 's sillouhette at sunset .
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
A man stands on a hill at dusk .
Two brown dogs are playing with a red ball .
Two brown dogs fight over a red ball while playing in the grass .
Two brown dogs run over the grass carrying a red toy .
Two daschunds play with a red ball
Two little wiener dogs are running on the grass carrying a red ball between them .
A curly haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar .
One brown dog is bearing its teeth at another brown dog with a green collar in a park .
Two brown dogs playing .
Two dogs , one with its mouth open .
Two golden dogs playing with one another
A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd .
A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top .
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd .
A woman with green hair is hula hooping .
The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop .
A boy plays on a green swing .
A small boy in a swing .
A small child smiles while swinging inside a green playground toy .
A young boy smiles as he rides the swing .
a young child swinging on a green swing .
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well .
A white dog is trying to play with a brown dog .
A white spotted dog plays with a brown dog on the green grass .
Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well .
Two dogs wrestling on a green lawn .
A girl in a purple shirt feeding ducks
A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks .
A little girl dressed in a pink shirt , blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water .
A little girl leans over the side of a wall to feed ducks in the water .
Little girl feeds the ducks .
A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A boy wearing a helmet on a bicycle in a wooded area .
A boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods .
A child is posing on his mountain bike , and wearing a helmet .
Helmeted boy bicyclist on path in the woods .
Two girls play outside with chalk .
Two little girls are sitting on pavement playing a game with candy .
Two little girls play with sidewalk chalk .
Two little girls sit in front of the flower garden , playing with chalk .
two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
A dog is running through a lake towards some trees .
A dog running into a pond to fetch something .
A dog swimming in a pond .
An animal is attempting to cross the river .
An unknown animal or person is swimming in a natural lake setting .
A girl climbing a tree .
A little blond girl with a pink coat hides in a tree .
A little blond haired girls peers at the camera through the leaves on the tree that she sits on .
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree .
The young girl happily plays in the tree .
A civil war reenactment with cannon teams firing cannons .
A Group of men firing an old fashion cannon .
A recreation of some battle .
sveral men participating in a civil war reenactment
War reenactors fire a cannon .
A child holding up a sign with a skull and crossbones .
A child wearing a pirates costume holds up a skull and crossbones sign .
A little boy dressed as a pirate holding up a skull and crossbones 's flag
A little boy dressed as a pirate is holding up the skull pirate flag .
A young boy dressed like a pirate is holding a sign with a skull and crossbones on it .
A dancer in a dancing pose on the street , audience in the backgound .
A female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd .
A woman in a tank top and capri pants costume taking a bow in the street .
A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade .
Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey .
A dark haired woman in black and gold walking through a street festival .
A possible woman dressed as a belly dancer holds out a cloth with beads on it .
A woman in a parade is wearing a black sequined costume .
A woman is wearing black with gold sequins and spangles .
A woman with black hair and a weird outfit on .
A person in a dress and a pink feathered hat rides a unicycle in a parade .
A person is riding a unicycle on the street with many other people around .
a person wearing a black and pink outfit and hat riding atop a unicycle down the street .
A woman wearing black and pink and large , feathered hat rides a bike in a parade .
A woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd .
A black policeman is smiling at a larger woman
A policeman grins at a woman wearing beads on a crowded street
A policeman hugging a woman on the street .
A police officer has his arm around a woman on the street .
A woman chats with a smiling police officer .
A group of people gathering around a bag of groceries .
Children look at a statue of a woman carrying a grocery bag .
Children standing next to the statue of an old woman holding full paper bags .
Kids looking in an old woman 's grocery paper bag .
The woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it .
A girl is running towards a field of tall flowers .
A woman in tight jeans and a long-sleeved top in front of a line of yellow flowers and a slightly cloudy skyline .
A woman with long hair walking through a meadow
Girl walking in field with yellow flowers
Woman with long hair walking in a field of grass and goldenrod .
One girl is hugging another girl in front of an American flag .
Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag .
two girls in front of large american flag
Two young girls are hugging in front of an american flag .
Two young girls hug in front of the American flag
A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
A woman posing near a cliff
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
A woman stands on a mountain overlooking a rolling field of trees underneath a blue sky .
The person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley .
A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head .
A smiling blonde girl with a red striped shirt is sitting in a chair at a table with a white porcelain bowl on her head .
A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head .
A young girl in a striped shirt wears a bowl on her head .
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball .
A dog jumping high into the air in the country .
A dog jumping in the shade of trees .
A dog jumps high , with its mouth open .
A child in a green hat swings on monkey bars at a blue playground .
A child playing on a playground play set .
A child swinging on a playground play set .
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
Kids playing at a park jungle gym .
A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere .
A child is splashing in the surf .
A girl plays on the shore at the beach .
A girl splashing in a wave at the beach .
A young child is splashed by the ocean 's waves while she plays on the beach .
A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches .
A man jumping off of rocks into a pool of water .
One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water , while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water .
Two males on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
Two males on a rock over water , one in midair jumping into the water .
A group of little girls perform a recital onstage dressed in all white .
Eleven girls in white tutus stand and pose onstage .
Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance
The little ballerinas are all wearing white bows , dresses and leggings .
Young girl ballerinas in white tutus on a stage .
A boy in a black shirt has thrown a snowball that has left a trail of snow behind it in the air .
A boy in dark clothing near a fountain water spout .
A boy is sprayed by water .
A boy throws an object in front of a glass building .
A young man dances by a fountain .
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off .
A brown dog and a black and white dog stand beside a hole in the dirt .
A three legged black and white dog running behind a brown dog with a red bandanna .
Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water .
Two dogs are shaking water off .
A large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk .
A woman in a blue dress , a cowboy hat , and a pink boa walks down the street .
A woman in a pink scarf walking down the street .
A woman with a pink boa walks down a sidewalk .
The woman has a pink , feathery scarf .
Three fishers walk over rocks toward water , lake and cloudy sky in background .
Three people are standing on rocks near a body of water .
Three people are walking on rocks towards a lake .
Three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water .
Three people walking along rocks , going to go fish
A pink ball is being held up before three dogs on a beach .
Three dogs look as a human holds a pink ball on the beach .
three dogs on a beach looking at a red ball in someones hand
Three dogs stare at a red ball at the beach .
Three dogs stare curiously at a chewed up toy
Two grocery store employees talk at a checkstand .
Two people are working at a coffee shop
Two workers at a grocery store .
Two workers at a grocery store observing something out of camera range .
Two workers in a store are wearing aprons .
The two boys are playing with fake swords .
Two boys fighting with rattan sticks shaped like swords , one standing the other kneeling .
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods .
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard .
Two young boys are swinging stick swords at each other in the grass .
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
A motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers .
A person in a red , white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle .
A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle .
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump .
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market .
A man on a bike is seen among a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair .
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
many people at a gathering .
A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide .
A little girl on a blue slide at a playground .
A small girl wearing a white and multi-print dress sitting at the bottom of a slide .
A young girl is at the bottom of a slide .
The girl in the white dress is going down the blue slide
A man and a big , brown dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy outside .
A man and a dog are playing tug of war .
A man and a dog tussle over a toy in a grassy yard .
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope .
A man playing with his dog .
a brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock .
Two brown and white dogs , one a boxer and the other a terrier , play on a rock covered hill with a blue sky and powdery clouds in the background .
Two brown and white dogs run on rocks , sky in background .
Two dogs are running along a rocky hill .
Two dogs run next to each other across rough terrain .
A girl in a tree .
A girl in a tree smiles .
A little brown haired girl up in a tree .
The smiling girl has climbed a tree .
Young girl with long , dark hair , in a tree .
A big dog sniffs a little dog .
A dog sits back on his hind legs and another dog stoops down .
A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling .
A smaller puppy playfully nips at a larger dog .
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside .
A girl prepares herself for the swim meet .
A young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits .
A young swimmer sits in a bathing suit and waits for the next race .
Kid sits wearing swim gear .
Young girl in a competitive swimming outfit .
A close shot of a young swimmer sitting on the edge of a pool in front of others .
A swimmer with goggles on looking towards something out of view .
A young girl dressed in swimwear and goggles
A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete .
The swimmer is wearing goggles and looking into the distance .
A girl in a bathing suit , swim cap and goggles .
a girl wearing a swim cap and goggles on her head at a swim meet
A young female wearing a swimsuit , goggles , and swimming cap looking in front of her with an open mouth .
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head .
A young girl sitting in swimming gear
A baby is in an activity chair in a child 's playroom .
A baby is in an bouncy seat with toys surrounding him .
A baby playing in a toy
a smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys .
Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .
a small shaggy dog plays with a red ball on the grass .
A Yorkie trying to catch a red toy .
little dog is jumping up to catch a red ball in its mouth .
The dog jumps up to catch the red ball .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
A little dog is looking at a red ball .
a little furry dog playing with a red ball in a forest
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
This tiny dog is about to jump in the air to catch a red ball .
A little dog is attempting to catch a red ball .
A small black and brown long haired dog prepares to catch a red ball in the grass .
A small dog is about to catch a red ball while in the grass .
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
Dog catching red ball in a field .
A brown and black dog running to fetch a red ball .
A dog and a red ball in the air .
A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes .
A small dog plays on the green grass .
A small dog runs after a red ball , though a leafy outdoor area .
A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch .
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
The boy is bouncing on the red couch .
The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick .
A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery .
A baby in a bouncy seat and a standing boy surrounded by toys .
A baby in a walker and an older child nearby .
A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking .
Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .
A girl is stretched out in shallow water
A girl wearing a red and multi-colored bikini is laying on her back in shallow water .
A little girl in a red swimsuit is laying on her back in shallow water .
A young girl is lying in the sand , while ocean water is surrounding her .
Girl wearing a bikini lying on her back in a shallow pool of clear blue water .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A black dog jumps for a Frisbee in a backyard with a white fence .
A dog catches a flying disk in a yard with a tree .
A jumping dog in motion .
A boy in a green wetsuit takes his turn in a water sprinkler and a group of others wait .
A group of children play in a sprinkler outside .
Children are taking turns running through a water sprinkler .
Several kids run and play in the sprinklers .
The boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy .
A child does a handstand in a pool .
A child stands upside down in a pool .
A child that is doing a handstand in the swimming pool has her legs sticking out of the water .
A woman is diving into a swimming pool .
A young girl is doing a handstand in a pool .
A small black dog is playing tug of war with a large brown dog wearing a yellow triangle .
A small dog playing tug with a larger dog
Two dogs , one bigger than the other , are playing tug of war .
Two dogs play tug of war .
Two dogs tug at the same item while wearing training gear .
Two black dogs are bearing their teeth beside a white couch .
Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa .
Two black dogs fight with each other , with their teeth bared , in a plush carpeted room .
Two black dogs play or fight together .
Two large black dogs are snarling at each other .
A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room .
A figure in blue robes walks around in a hotel lobby .
A person dressed in a blue hooded cloak with several people in the background .
A person in a scary gray robe .
The man dressed in a blue wizard 's outfit is walking through a building .
A boy holding a cookie and wearing a red hat is looking at the camera .
a boy in a red baseball cap eats a Ritz cracker and has a big pink cup of juice
A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand .
A small boy with a red ball cap holding a cracker with a pink cup nearby .
The small boy in the red hat has a cracker .
A family waits next to some portable toilets in the city .
A few people standing around five orange port-a-potties which are placed in the middle of a city .
People near 5 orange outdoor toilets in a city
People standing by a row of orange portable toilets .
Some people stand by a group of 5 orange portable bathrooms .
A black dog is happily running through the grass .
A black dog running toward the camera .
a black dog runs with its tongue out .
A dark dog with its tongue hanging out runs through the grass .
A dog plays in the grass .
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water .
A dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching .
A tan dog leaps into the water .
Dog leaps into pool marked for distance , man and woman watch in background .
Two people watch a dog run along a blue cloth with numbers on it .
A brown dog is running through a brown field .
A brown dog is running through the field .
A brown dog with a collar runs in the dead grass with his tongue hanging out to the side .
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A dog running in the grass .
A boy in a red hooded-coat is riding a pool broom like a horse in an empty pool .
a little boy wearing a raincoat plays with a mop .
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse .
Boy in raincoat straddle stick outside .
The child in raingear is dragging a broom through a puddle .
A closeup of a brown dog in front of a building .
A dog in the grass in front of a building .
A dog lies in the grass next to a mansion .
A little dog on a field in front of a building ; taken from the dog 's perspective .
A small brown dog stands in the grass next to an ornate building .
A boy does a flip while another boy stands on the Matt .
A boy standing on a red mat with a person upside down in the background .
A child does a flip behind a small boy .
A young boy is standing near another doing a back flip .
Two kids playing on mats .
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella .
A man balances a ball on top of an umbrella .
A man balances a ball with a pink umbrella while people watch .
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .
A man is balancing a red ball on top of a pink umbrella in a city street .
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed .
A kid with a broken arm asleep in his bed
Child in blue shirt with eye closed and left arm wrapped with ace bandage and propped on a white pillow .
A group of people are sitting around a campfire at night .
A group of people sitting on the grass by a fire at nighttime .
A group of young people are sitting around a fire pit .
Friends enjoy a campfire .
Several people sitting around a campfire
A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean .
A group of three boy scouts rest on a bluff overlooking the ocean .
Three men stand on a cliff overlooking a lake .
Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
Two men are sitting on a rock near the ocean with another man standing nearby .
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak .
A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe .
A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks .
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak .
Man prepares to take a kayak ride .
A black and brown dog running across the grass .
A black and brown dog runs in the grass while hanging its tongue out .
A black dog runs on green grass towards the camera .
a brown and black dog on the grass
The German shepherd runs happily in the park .
Three climbers on rocks near waterfall .
Three men climb a natural waterfall rock face .
Three men in matching outfits climb a rock wall next to a waterfall .
Three people are climbing rocks near a small waterfall .
Three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall .
A young child raises her arms while jumping on a yellow blow-up toy .
Child in light colored clothing standing with arms extended outward .
Children jump in bouncy gym .
Two girls playing inside a jumper house .
Two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house .
A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady .
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult 's lap .
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
A woman is holding onto a baby wearing who is wearing sunglasses .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
A woman watching two kids playing at a pool .
a young girl jumping into a pool while another stands on the side with an innertube .
A young girl jumps feet first into a swimming pool while another little girl and woman watch .
Two little girls play at their family 's backyard swimming pool while a woman looks on .
Two little girls play by a hotel pool .
A black dog stands on a rock , green fields behind him .
A black dog with white paws is climbing over a rock .
A black dog with white paws stands on a large rock in a field .
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field .
The black dog is climbing on a rock .
A child in a straw hat stands on stones at a beach .
A kid wearing a hat and wet pants stands on a rock at the beach .
A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water .
Child wearing a hat steps on rocks on shore , water in background .
Lady with straw hat covering face and head standing on a rock in front of the ocean wearing red sandals .
A boy in a swimming pool .
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .
A little boy in a swimming pool .
A young boy with a necklace on in the water .
A man crouches down to take a picture .
A man crouching and holding a camera .
A man is squatting in brush to take a photograph .
The cameraman is squatting among the rocks with his viewfinder to his eye .
This man is in camouflage clothing , in a wilderness area , aiming a camera .
A little girl plays with the tire swing at the playground .
A young girl at a park is jumping off a tire swing while it is swinging into the air .
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
Girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing
Little girl in red dress plays on outdoor tire swing .
A kite surfer is doing a flip over the waves .
a man jumps over a wave on his surfboard .
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave .
A silver craft rides the waves .
A windsurfer angles over a wave .
A boy jumping in the air on the beach .
A boy with swimming trunks and goggles jumping on the sand by the beach
A kid with sunglasses in jumping on the beach .
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach .
Boy in swim trunks jumping on beach
An adult and three children walk along the beach .
A woman and three children walk on the beach in a line .
A woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her .
A woman walks along the beach as three children follow her in a line .
The boys follow their mother on the beach .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two small white dogs playing on short grass .
Two white dogs are playing on the grass .
two white dogs play in the grass .
Two white dogs play on the green grass .
A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth .
A wet brown dog is playing with a white ball .
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
a wet dog chasing a white ball
The wet dog leaped toward the basketball .
a group of children from many races are standing in the fountain of a busy plaza .
Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground .
Children running through fountains of water in the midst of crowd .
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people .
Several children are playing in water fountains .
A group of children run a footrace in the snow .
A group of young boys race on a snowy day .
School kids racing in the snow .
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
The young runners are racing through the snow .
A dog has jumped in the air to catch a tennis ball .
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball .
A small brown dog jumps and catches a tennis ball
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
Small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth indoors .
A man in a wetsuit with a surfboard walks along a beach
A person in a wetsuit is carrying a surfboard into the ocean .
A Person with white and black suit board waking into the waves .
A surfer in a black wetsuit carrying a surfboard into the waves .
a surfer in a dark wet-suit carries a white surfboard towards the ocean .
A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints .
A naked baby and toddler on the floor covered in paint , the toddler putting her hands on the baby 's head .
A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint .
A naked toddler is covering a naked baby with paint .
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint .
A girl in an orange tank top stands outside a cafe .
a girl standing outside of a clothing shop
A woman stands near chairs and tables , outside a store .
A woman stands outside near a dress shop .
There is a sidewalk with a rack of dresses and a girl in jeans and a red shirt .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A brown and white dog is walking through a grassy field .
A brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out .
A closeup of a brown dog with his tongue out .
A puppy plays in a field .
A man is sitting by a large plant waiting to shine a customer 's shoes .
A man sites on a bench waiting to shoe shine .
A shoe-shine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat .
a shoe shiner waits for customers .
A shoe shiner waits for customers .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn .
A child at a party swings a bat at a pinata , encouraged by a father .
A little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat .
A little boy in a red shirt is swinging at a pinata .
A little boy in orange hit the pinata as a man stands behind him .
The small boy in an orange shirt gets some help from an adult while swinging at a pinata .
A boy stands in the road wearing a big red hat .
A boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road .
A little child stands in the middle of the street wearing a large red hat while people sit on the grass .
A small boy wearing a red hat is standing in a street .
A small child with a funny red hat stands in the road .
A boy waves around a sparkler .
A child in a red shirt plays with fireworks .
A child spins a sparkler leaving a light trail .
A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard .
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wine glasses
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
A woman in uniform rests against a bar .
a woman stands alone in the restaurant
The waitress in standing in front of the bar at a restaurant .
A dog coming out of a large yellow tube .
A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn .
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass .
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube .
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course .
A young girl has on rollerblades and looks ready to give it a try .
A young girl on Rollerblades .
A young girl with rollerblades and green foliage in the background .
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades .
The young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes .
A little white dog runs out of a yellow tube while a man runs along clapping .
A small dog runs through an obstacle course .
A small white dog runs .
Little dog running through an obstacle course .
Small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube .
A brown dog with very floppy ears runs through a field of emerald grass .
A fluffy dog in grass .
A spaniel runs through the grass .
Brown and white dog runs at camera over grass .
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass .
a boy holds two sparklers .
A boy plays with sparklers at night .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
A little boy holds fire sprinklers out in front of him .
A small boy holding two fireworks sparklers .
A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate .
A man stands outside of a doorway on his cellphone .
A man wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by green bars , and his holding a cellphone up to his right ear .
Man in white shirt talking on phone
Man is talking on mobile , standing in a doorway .
A boy runs near some steps .
A little boy is running on some concrete steps .
A young boy in a green shirt and green sweat pants running on a concrete floor .
A young boy runs down a cement stairway .
The small boy is running and smiling .
A boy being pulled on a shovel .
A happy child play in the scoop of a shovel by a chair in a grassy backyard .
A little boy in red flowered shorts is sitting on a shovel .
A little boy smiling and riding in a shovel .
Small boy in red shorts with blue flowers sitting on shovel in the grass near a tan chair .
A girl wets her head in a white bucket .
A little girl dips her hair into a bucket filled with water .
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water .
A little girl in a dress lifts her soaked head from a bucket .
a young girl lifting her wet hair out of a white bucket
A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashing water on a woman 's legs .
A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl .
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
The laughing boy holds a water bottle while a lady with wet pants walks nearby .
A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch .
A child surrounded by adults in lawn chairs being splashed out of a bottle of water .
A group of older women watch a little boy laugh as he gets squirted with water outside .
a young boy smiling with people looking in his direction and a bottle to his left
The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade .
An adult and a child hold hands as they walk up a grassy hill .
A woman and child are holding hands walking up a grassy hill on a fair day .
A woman and child walking uphill
A woman and young girl climbing a grassy hill .
A woman with her sweatshirt tied around her waist holding hands with a young girl in a green shirt as they walk up a grassy hill .
A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball .
A dog is staring at a red ball coming towards him .
A small black and tan dog jumps to get a red ball .
A small dog trying to catch a red ball outside
Small black and brown dog playing with a red ball in the grass .
A man with a baseball cap and shiny sunglasses looks down while another bald man looks down .
Man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd .
Man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
Two men wearing sunglasses .
A girl makes an arc of water with her hair in a pool .
A young girl doing a back flip in the water .
The girl is leaning back and splashing water with her hair .
The girl is taking her hair out of the water .
Water streaming from a young woman in a swimming pool flipping her wet hair backwards .
Two children in a yard wearing sunglasses , with a play structure behind them .
Two children in orange sunglasses .
Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent .
Two little girls sitting in the grass wearing sunglasses .
Two young children wearing sunglasses
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
Three dogs in different shades of brown are playing in the water .
Three dogs playing in the green water .
Three dogs play in water .
Three dogs play together in the water .
A large man in a leather costume plays a big drum beside a little boy playing a little drum .
A man and a little boy beating drums .
A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own , little drum .
The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
A child at the top of a fake rock wall .
A child climbs a rock wall .
A child wearing a green shirt is bungee climbing .
A young boy in a green shirt is strapped in a harness climbing a rock wall .
A young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness .
A smiling woman punching a dog .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
The girl with the green scarf and the white dog appear to be playing .
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand .
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide .
A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube .
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling .
A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day .
A young girl in inside a tunnel .
A boy in a blue shirt .
A little boy in a blue shirt looking at the camera , concrete in the background .
A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside .
A small boy looking at the camera .
The small boy is walking on a street lined with people .
A child jumping from a slide into a pool .
A girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool .
A girl is jumping into a pool with two slides behind her .
A little girl jumps from the yellow ladder into the swimming pool .
A young girl in a blue bathing suit jumps off of a yellow slide into the water .
A baby lays next to a big brown dog on a palid bed cover .
A large dog lays next to a small baby with a pacifier in its mouth .
Baby with pacifier and brown dog lay together on the blanket .
Naked baby with a pacifier in its mouth is laying next to a brown and black dog .
The baby is lying on the floor next to the dog .
A boy walks in a meadow near some trees .
A little boy in a blue shirt is running through a forested green area .
A little boy in shorts and t-shirt run in a field of grass towards some trees .
A youg boy in a blue shirt walks through a park .
Little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree .
A dog on the heels of a man .
A little dog with a red ribbon on its head takes a walk .
A small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass .
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .
Yorkshire terrier walking in the grass .
A child walking on rocks .
A girl walking on rocks .
A little girl in a white coat plays in a rock garden .
A young girl walks across big rocks .
Little girl walking on rocks near grassy area beside building .
A man belaying down a waterfall
a man in a harness wearing a white hat climbing down a waterfall
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope .
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope .
The man in red is propelling down the waterfall .
A group of people walking on a rocky ridge .
A man and two boys are climbing on a rock in the park .
Three people climb on a large rock .
Two boys and a man holding a white hat climb on a rock with a lawn and shade trees visible in the background .
Two children and a man on a boulder .
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .
A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing in water outdoors .
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
A young boy with long hair plays in the water .
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair .
A woman in an orange dress riding a carnival ride .
A woman sits alone at a carnival in a lift .
A woman wearing an orange dress makes a face while riding above the fair .
The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel .
A boy and a girl go down a metal slide .
A boy and girl going down a metal slide .
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide .
Two children playing on a metal slide .
two children slide down a slide .
A dog stands shoulder deep in muddy water .
A dog with white fur is moving through deep murky water .
A light tan dog swimming through swampy water .
A white dog is standing in mud up to its neck
A white dog is wading in natural water with algae .
A blonde child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
A cat bites a human 's nose .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
Orange striped kitten biting blonde girl on the nose
The men are in a rocky mountain area .
These two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain , with their arms around each other .
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain .
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain .
Two men posing for a piece in front of snowcapped mountains .
the two girls are carrying several stuffed toy animals .
Two girls stand on a walkway holding several stuffed animals .
Two little girls are standing with bunch of stuffed animals on a white stone path .
Two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals .
Two small girls are holding stuffed animals .
A boy wearing black shorts is jumping into the ocean .
A child in swimming trunks jumping into the ocean .
A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach .
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .
A little boy in black shorts is jumping in the water at the beach .
A dog is jumping to play in the water
A white dog is jumping up at a jet of water .
a white dog jumping in green grass by a brickwall and a stream of water
A white dog jumps from the grass into water from a hose .
A white dog jumps on the green grass next to a brick building .
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .
The children run through the tall green grass .
Three children are running down a grassy hill .
Three children running down a grassy hillside .
Three children running downhill
A brown dog chases a tattered ball around the yard .
A brown dog is chasing a tattered soccer ball across a low cut field .
Large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass .
Tan dog chasing a ball .
The tan dog is chasing a ball .
A curly-haired boy jumps up on a bed .
A little boy jumping on the bed
A little boy with brown curly hair , wearing a red shirt , is jumping on a white bed .
A young boy in a red shirt jumps on a bed .
The young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair .
A girl in a pink shirt on a carnival ride with a huge stuffed animal .
A girl sits on a ride with a stuffed animal next to her above a carnival .
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds .
A little girl sits on a Farris wheel seat next to a giant stuffed animal .
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair .
A couple is standing against a railing looking at a beautiful lake and sunset .
A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk .
The couple is standing by the railing overlooking the water .
Two people stand against the railing above the water and watch the sunset .
Two people stand close together looking at a river from behind a fence .
A group of teenagers near Simpsons characters .
a group of teenagers standing outside of a convienance store .
Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks .
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks .
Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store .
A girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street .
A woman in white is pointed at by a sign on the road saying look right .
A woman standing in front of the words " Look Right " painted on a street .
The little girl in a white dress stands by a street with white words written on it .
The words " Look Right " with an arrow painted on a city street , with a female in the foreground .
A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store .
people get their slushies .
Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine .
Two boys in front of a soda machine .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
A baby girl has the contents of a red pot all over her face .
A baby girl holding a red plastic box in one hand and eating from it with the other , some of it on her face .
A little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth .
A toddler with pudding all over her face and hands from eating with her fingers .
The little girl is in her high chair eating jello .
A German Shepherd chases another with a stick in his mouth .
A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth .
a German shepherd dog is running behind another German shepherd dog that is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two German shepherd dogs are running with an object in one 's mouth .
Two German shepherds playing with a stick .
A bull stands in a field , next to a red car .
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field .
A red car parked next to a cow in a field .
Large black animal is as large as small red car
There is a small red car with a black bull standing beside it in the middle of a field .
A group of young blond children , one carrying a rifle , poses in front of a house .
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut .
five kids posing for a picture one is holding a gun
Four brothers and one sister posing for a picture , smiling .
There are five kids standing next to each other , and the one in the red has a gun .
A couple hold each other , standing on a ferry , looking out at a ferry .
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water .
A man embraces a woman as they look over the railing out over the water at a ship .
Couple overlooking a metal rail with water and a boat int he background .
The couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean .
A girl is blowing a huge bubble .
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble .
girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
The girl wearing the orange shirt and glasses is blowing a huge bubble .
The young girl blows a huge bubble .
A boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy .
A boy swimming in a pool .
A child on a pink raft in a pool .
A small boy swims with a pink floatation device in a swimming pool .
Boy playing on a pink raft in a pool .
The little boy covering his mouth is sitting between a covering his eyes and another boy covering his ears .
Three boy do " Hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . "
Three boys sit down and make gestures with their hands .
Three little boys sit together making faces .
three young boys playing hear no evil , speak no evil , see no evil
A child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
A girl looks out into the ocean as she stands on the sand with her yellow boogie board .
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
A young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
A young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean .
One climber is sitting on the rock overlooking the ocean whilst another climber is on her way up .
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
Two people climb a rock overhanging water .
Two people climb rocks over some water .
Two people rock climbing near water .
A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background .
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
A man wearing a backwards baseball cap .
A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance .
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance .
Many people standing and sitting on the street in front of billboards .
People sitting on benches beside the street .
Two men sitting on a bench on a street next to two women doing the same .
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
Two people sit on a bench on a city street .
The two dogs are white and black and are digging in the mud .
Two black and white dogs after something in the mud .
Two black and white dogs look at a yellow ball in the wet sand .
Two dogs fight over a ball that 's in a puddle .
Two nearly identical dogs try to paw a ball out of muddy water .
A dark skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan .
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette
A man stands outside smoking a cigarette
A man with glasses smokes a cigarette .
A child stands near a fence .
A small child touches a wooden fence .
A toddler boy stands by a wooden fence .
A toddler in a white t-shirt is touching the wooden fence .
Blond boy touching wooden wall .
A girl in a pink swimsuit jumps through a water sprinkler .
A little girl in a swimsuit jumps over a sprinkler with her eyes hut .
A little girl running through yellow sprinkler in a grassy yard .
A young girl running through a sprinkler
Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside .
A black boy and white boy in swimming trunks are hugging each other on a beach or lake .
A white boy and black boy embrace .
Two boys in red swim trunks hold each other in the water .
Two kids are hugging playfully in shallow water .
Two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
A child and dog are shown silohuetted in afternoon sun in front of a lake or pond .
A little girl is walking a dog by the water .
A small boy walking a dog on a leash by a lake .
A young child leads a large dog on the shore .
A young girl walking her dog beside the water with the sun reflecting on it .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in a field .
A dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A furry white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth through the grass .
A shaggy dog carries a stick through a grassy field .
The dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two babies look up while they are playing in a playpen with a lot of balls .
Two boys in tent-like area , with colorful balls on floor .
Two children look up .
Two kids are in a pen playing with colorful balls .
Two young children play with colored balls .
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
A child wearing a black cap with an orange stripe is in a snow tunnel .
A person crawls through a snow tunnel .
A person in a snow tunnel .
The child is in a hole and is wearing a black and orange hat , a jacket , and a glove .
a boy in blue carries a bucket .
A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach .
A child walks on the beach with a bucket .
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
Young boy in blue shorts at the beach .
a redheaded woman eating some food with a few people standing around her
A woman wearing black is standing by a woman with bright red hair outside a storefront .
People , one of which is a redhead , are standing near the entrance to a store .
Two girls stand outside of a shop .
Two women , one with red hair , stand outside a store .
People walk outside on a wooden walkway .
three woman walk on the sidewalk .
Two elderly women are walking past a younger woman on a public path .
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .
Women walking beneath a blue sky and powerlines .
A girl in a pink outfit and a blue cap laughs .
An Asian girl in a pink dress is smiling whilst out in the countryside .
A smiling girl in a hat carrying a striped cloth in a field .
A young girl laughing .
a young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field
A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese .
A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese .
A flock of brown and white geese are walking through grass with a black and white dog nearby .
A group of ducks in a field .
The black dog is crouching down in the field behind the ducks .
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man 's back .
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth leaps through the air next to a young man in a knit cap .
A dog catches a pink Frisbee .
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .
Dog jumps over a man and catches a Frisbee in his mouth .
A child is splashing in the water at the beach .
A girl is playing in the ocean at dusk .
A kid splashes in the ocean .
A person is standing in water with it splashing all around them while another person lingers in the background .
Two children playing in the surf .
A red haired little boy smiles while swinging .
A redheaded child is happily swinging in park .
A smiling child is swinging on a swing .
Boy playing on the swing .
Young Blonde boy on swing set in park
A baby hangs off an adult 's back while laughing .
A child is hanging upside down from an adults shoulders .
A girl is upside-down on someone 's shoulders .
A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult .
A small child is hanging upside down from an adult 's shoulder .
A small blonde boy and another small child are inside a cushion doghouse with a brown dog .
Two children and a brown dog in a brown tube .
Two children and a dog are in a bedroll .
Two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog .
Two youn boys lay in a dog house with their dog .
A child in the bathtub with water coming out of his mouth .
A child spitting out water .
A small boy in the bathtub spits water .
A young child in a bathtub spitting water
Young boy in a bathtub spits out water .
A child throwing an orange toy .
A small child is near a Frisbee .
A young boy tries to catch an orange and yellow Frisbee in a green , grassy field .
A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee .
A young boy wearing a military sun hat catches a Frisbee outdoors .
Two guys are playing horse shoe together .
Two guys playing horseshoe .
Two men playing horseshoes .
Two men wearing jeans and sunglasses are playing horseshoes .
Two people play horseshoes .
A brown haired little girl is jumping through squirts of water .
A girl runs through sprinklers that shoot water out of the ground .
A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area .
Little girl is jumping up in the sprinklers getting soaked .
The girl is wearing a white shirt and red pants , and jumps through water .
A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars .
a boy pushes his scooter .
A man pushes a cart on a street near some old cars .
A person in brown and two older cars in front of a white building .
A young dark-skinned boy pushes a cart on a street with old cars .
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
A man in a tan trench coat and blue jeans walks with a black umbrella open over his head .
A man in a trench coat is walking with an umbrella .
A man with white hair , a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter .
Man walking with his umbrella in a bleak street .
A girl walking with her grey umbrella .
A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a parking meter .
A woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella .
A woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter .
A woman in heels , black skirt and white shirt , holds her blue umbrella over her head while walking on a sidewalk near a parking meter .
A black and white dog is herding a group of sheep on a dusty road .
A black and white dog is watching over a flock of white sheep .
A dog in near a herd of sheep .
A sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep .
A wolf-like dog herds a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm .
A bundled-up toddler in the snow .
A small boy is looking at footprints in the snow .
A small child in winter gear is making tracks in shallow snow .
A young child dressed in snowpants and blue hat tentatively steps on snow-covered ice .
The child is well bundled as he walks in the snow .
A group of people on a blue raft going down a river .
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
Several people are rafting down a choppy river in rocky terrain .
Some people are riding a raft down a white water river .
Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads .
Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them .
Two kids lie on a rug near wooden blocks and smile .
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks .
two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks .
A girl and a woman playing with a ball in a pool .
a woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes .
a young girl and a woman play volleyball with a beach ball .
The mother and daughter are batting a ball in the air to each other at the water park .
Two girls in a pool , one catching a ball the other has thrown .
A boy in a red suit jumps into a pool .
A boy in red shorts is jumping into a swimming pool with a red chair beside it .
A small boy in red shorts leaping into a swimming pool .
A small boy jumps into a swimming pool .
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .
A black and white dog is swimming through some water .
A Dalmatian breed dog paddles through deep water .
a dog swims through the water .
A dog swims through water .
Dog swims in the water
The dog on the right has a red object in his mouth , and the other dog has biting it .
Two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass .
Two black dogs play with a toy .
Two black labs run , one carrying an orange dog toy .
Two dark dogs run together and one holds something in its mouth .
A girl touches the fountain with her foot .
A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water .
A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain .
Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water .
Young blonde woman putting her foot into a water fountain
Two blonde boys are playing on a bed .
two boys fight .
Two boys with blonde hair , wearing stripped shirts on a bed .
Two little blond boys play on a bed in a room with wood paneling .
Two little boys are playing together on the bed .
A brown dog catching a Frisbee in the air .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item .
A dog leaps high in the air to catch a toy over the green grass .
Black dog catching Frisbee at the park .
Black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth
A child smiles as he plays in an inflatable gym .
A little boy is playing in a blow up toy .
A little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy .
A small boy jumps around in a yellow inflated bounce gym .
A smiling boy plays inside an inflatable yellow and white toy .
A black and white dog running on a green grassy field .
A black dog is running across a grassy field by a tall fence .
a black dog runs through a field .
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park .
A dog running at a park , with a park bench in the background .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is taking an orange bicycle over a jump in the street .
A little boy in blue doing bike jumps .
Kid in blue shirt doing tricks on a bike
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp .
A little girl in a swimsuit and braids is in front of the water , in the grass , with her arms crossed in front of her chest
A young girl in a bathing suit and pigtails crosses her arms .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit .
A young girl sitting in the grass near a lake .
Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water .
Girls with orange hair standing on the street with some kind of bottle in their hand .
two girls walking in the street
Two girls walking next to each other and talking .
Two teenage girls dressed like hippies walk and talk .
Two women , one with a head bandanna , are standing next to each other while one holds a bottle .
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket .
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public
A person with blue hair , a baseball cap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap .
One person in a crowd of people , wearing a blue wig
A man wearing glasses is staring off into space .
A man with glasses is standing in front of a building .
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .
A man with sunglasses standing by a white and red building with a very blue sky above .
The man wearing the purple shirt is in the shadows .
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs .
A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back .
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach .
Two people carrying colorful baskets and blankets walk near a building .
Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets .
A bearded man sits at a bus window .
A man with a grey beard is sitting by a window .
An elder man with a long grey beard riding on the bus .
bearded man rides a bus
The man with the beard is sitting in a bus staring forward .
Two boys play hockey on a frozen pond .
Two children are playing ice hockey on frozen ground outside .
Two kids play a game together with sticks in the snow .
Two kids play hockey in the snow .
Two kids play hockey on a pond .
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water .
A person paddles a boat while another has fallen into the water .
One person kayaks as another kayer sinks their boat .
Two kayakers ; one paddling and one in the water .
Two small canoes are out in the middle of the water .
An older lady wearing a Tinkerbell jacket .
A woman standing near water is wearing a pink jacked with Tinkerbell on it .
A woman wearing a pink TinkerBell jacket leans against a railing .
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water .
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .
A clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth .
A man with black hair is wearing a red and yellow shirt and has a yellow clown nose and face makeup on .
A person is wearing mime makeup and glasses on his head as he looks at the camera .
A person wearing clown makeup points a fake gun at the camera .
A person with black hair is dressed like a clown .
A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column .
A man sits on a cement column .
A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings .
A man sitting against a pillar selling hats .
There is an old man sitting on the edge of a concrete pillar wearing a hat .
A big grey dog wearing a chain collar has a smaller brown dog pinned down .
A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass .
Brown and black dog tussle on grass .
The Mastif playfully pins the German Shepherd in the grass .
Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
Large group of people , most setting down on a walkway with two boys standing up holding plates .
Many people are sitting and observing or going into a water attraction .
Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle .
People sit by a fountain , a guy with purple hair talks to a guy in a hat .
Two men , one with purple hair , at crowded fountain near Seattle Space Needle .
A man climbing a mountain .
A man climbs a mountain .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain .
A young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide .
A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow , out of frame .
A boy wearing a life vest suspended in the air .
A child wearing a white , red , and black life jacket was bounced into the air by something big and yellow .
A child with a floatation vest is being bounced off of something .
The kid in the life vest jumps up in the air .
A brown dog is playing outside in a grassy area .
A brown dog wearing a blue harness jumps over the grassy field .
A brown dog with a blue bandanna is jumping over grass .
A dog is jumping in the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A woman wearing a brightly colored costume stands onstage .
Brightly dressed , feather headed wearing women competing on a stage in some sort of pagent .
Costumed women perform outdoors .
Several women dressed in colorful costumes near a City Hall building .
Women in costume stand on a stage .
A white dog is running on a rocky beach .
a white dog runs along the beach
A white dog runs on a beach .
A white dog walking on the beach .
The white dog is running along the beach .
a group of woman in pink dresses walking across a crosswalk towards a cruisship .
A group of women in pink dresses , walking across a street .
Girls in pink dresses walk toward a cruise ship
Ladies in bright dresses are crossing the road .
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people .
A group of girls and two are pulling on some type of yarn item in a girls bag .
In a crowd , two other people finger the fringe of a knit garment hanging on a woman 's shoulder .
The girls are braiding .
Two women pull on another coat .
Women pull on yarn-like strings of another woman 's plaid bag .
A climber is sillhouetted against the sky and rocks as he hangs by a rope from another rock .
A person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff .
A person is abseiling down a rock face attached to a rope .
A person jumping down a rope on a cliff .
The man repels down the side of a cliff .
A child walks while holding an adult 's hand .
A man holds a child 's hand as they walk .
A woman walks hand-in-hand with a little boy who looks like he 's pulling out a wedgie
A young boy has his hand in the back of his pants as he walks .
The man is walking with a young child outside .
A boy is upside down in midair near a lake at sunset .
A person does a flip by two sailboats and a lake .
A person flipping upside down
a person in midair doing a back flip .
A person is doing a flip in midair near a lake with sails behind him .
A brown and black dog is standing on its hind legs trying to catch something .
A dog is jumping up on hind legs with its mouth open .
A dog plays on the grass .
A German shepherd playing with water in the grass .
German Shepherd standing up snapping at droplets of water
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .
A boy is splashing water in his bathing suit .
A little shirtless boy in shorts splashes water .
Boy in black swim trunks playing in spray of water .
Young boy splashes water at the edge of a pool .
a lone person in a harness climbing a huge rock .
A man in a red shirt climbs a sheer cliff face over the tree tops .
A man in a red shirt is rock climbing over many trees .
A man in red clings to a sheer cliff face .
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
The three children are playing on the rails .
Three children climb on a livestock fence .
Three children stand and climb on a fence .
Three kids play on some bars .
Two young boys and a young girl playing on a gaurd rail .
A black and white dog is chasing a ball on an open plane .
A black and white dog is running through a grassy area .
A black and white dog runs on a dry , yellow field of grass .
A dog is running towards a ball .
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball .
A child pulls another in a small wagon .
A toddler in a red jacket and jeans pulling another toddler wearing a green hat and jacket and red paints in a red wagon .
A toddler in dirty jeans attampts to pull a younger child in a wagon .
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .
One child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand .
A boy is swimming underwater holding a toy in his hand .
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
A little boy swims underwater .
A little boy underwater in a pool , holding a plastic dinosaur .
Child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
A man climbing a mountain .
A man is climbing up a very large rock .
A person hanging from a rocky cliff .
A person in red rock climbing , a mountain in the background .
A person wearing red clings to a rock face .
A boat is on the water , with mountains in the background .
A boat on the water .
A lone boat sitting in the water .
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background .
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background .
A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
Runners in a race run down a busy street
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
Two women runners in athletic shorts and bras going down a city street .
A baseball player standing on the field
a baseball player stands and faces the crowd .
A baseball player wearing a number 19 shirt looks at the outfield .
A male ballplayer wearing a white and blue uniform playing in front of a large crowd .
Baseball player looking out into a stadium crowd
A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches .
A boy is leaping while his sister plays around a hose .
A young boy jumping in front of a young girl and a house .
Children are playing in and around a garden tube in the front yard of a house .
Two children playing above a blue water hose .
A brown and black dog on a leash is sniffed by a black and white dog .
A dog on a leash walks on the sidewalk while another dog follows .
A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal .
The black and white dog is sniffing the butt of the brown dog that is on a leash .
Two small dogs , one black-and-white and one brown-and-black , walk down the street .
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree .
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree .
A small child is in a tree wearing red shoes .
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .
A girl sits on a swing .
A girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down .
A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater .
a young girl with long brown hair holding a black and red striped stick .
The girl in the red shirt smiles on the swing .
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on .
Two children wearing bright pink clothes are playing with a toy lawnmower .
Two girls are dressed the same and one of them is playing with a toy lawnmower .
Two little girls stand against a wall , one girl has a happy face and the other girl has a sad face .
Two twin girls playing with a toy in the driveway
A brown dog drinks from a water bottle .
A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout .
a yellow lab drinks water .
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle .
Yellow Labrador drinking water from a faucet .
Two girls are sitting outside on the ground in front of a lake .
two girls sit beside a river under a tree
Two girls sit on the edge of a river .
Two girls sitting beside the water near a tree .
Two girls sit under a tree by the water 's edge .
A dog leaps out of the water .
a small dog jumping threw some a lake
A tan dog jumps into water .
A white dog is splashing through the water .
Dog jumping out of water in a lake .
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline .
a man walking next to an extremely large tree trunk
An old man is walking next to big , tall trees .
Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city .
The man walks among the large trees .
A beagle is playing with a tennis ball .
A puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball .
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball on a well-kept path lined with groomed bushes .
A puppy plays with a tennis ball on a stone path .
A white-footed beagle plays with a tennis ball on a garden path .
A man in a black shirt enjoys a snack while a woman in a white shirt looks confused .
A man is eating from a paper cone while a woman stands behind him .
A man is standing in front of a woman while eating something .
One dark-skinned man is eating French Fries and blond woman is standing behind him
The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .
A man in pets a dog on the chest at a park .
A man petting a dog .
A young man scratches the neck of a dog .
A young man sits with a dog outside .
a young man sitting and petting his dog
A boy holding a fishing rod .
A young boy fishes .
A young boy with a hat on has a fishing pole in hand .
A young fisher fishes .
The child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole .
A baby in a white top is sitting on a bed .
A baby wearing a " my best buddy " shirt on a bed .
A cute baby boy is sitting on the bed looking very happy .
A small baby sits on a bed and smiles .
Small boy wearing blue shorts sitting on bed .
A blonde fisherman standing in the water prepares his hook .
A fisherman wearing a waterproof jumpsuit looks at something in his hand .
A man hooking a line .
A man in fishing overalls in the water .
The fisherman stands in water while looking at something small in his hands .
A cross-country skier following a path .
A cross-country skier going through the woods .
A person is cross-country skiing through the snow .
A skier is by himself in the woods .
Lone skier walks through the snow .
A woman climbs up a cliff
A woman rock climber scales a cliff far above pastures .
A woman rock-climbing on a cliff .
A woman rock-climbs in a rural area .
Woman climbing a cliff in a rural area
kids are playing ball in front of a , big fancy building
Three boys play along a decortive wall outside of a building .
Three kids play on a wall with a green ball .
Two children are climbing on the wall of a white building whilst one child plays with a green ball .
Two children play on a stone railing while a third catches a green ball .
A lady ice skates while pulling a child in a buggy .
A mother pulls her daughter in a wagon over a snowy plain .
A woman pulling a wagon with a girl in it across a frozen lake
The girl pulls a toddler in a cart while skating on the ice .
The woman is ice skating and pulling the little girl in the cart across the ice .
A bearded man is sitting on a bench wearing a fur lined jacket and hat .
A bearded man with animal hide coat and hat .
A long-bearded man wearing a coat , fur vest , and broad brimmed fur-trimmed hat .
Man wearing animal skins sitting on a green bench .
The man with a long beard and moustache , wearing a hat , sits outside .
A group of boys play soccer on the grass while another looks down from a rock .
A group of young boys are playing soccer in front of a small hill
Children play soccer in a field .
Eight boys playing soccer in the grass .
Similarly dressed children are playing soccer in a rocky field in front of a building .
A boy and a dog on a dock are watching another dog swim away .
A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog .
A boy and a large dog stand on a dock watching another dog swim in the water .
A boy and his dog are watching an object in the water .
a boy in a white shirt and a black dog looking at another dog in the water
A girl sits on the beach under a bright pink sunshade .
A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach .
A woman in a black bathing suit is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach next to the ocean .
A woman in a black swimsuit sits under a hot-pink umbrella at the beach .
woman sitting on the beach under a pink lawn umbrella .
girls in swimsuits jumping into water from behind
A group of five women and girls in bathing suits jumps into the water with their backs to the camera .
Five girls in swimsuits , are seen from the back , jumping into the water .
Girls in swimsuits , holding hands and leaping into water .
The five girls wearing swimsuits jump into the water .
A child jumps into a pool as a man looks on .
A girl with swimmies on is jumping into a pool .
A little girl wearing orange arm floats jumping into a pool .
A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
A black dog with a brown muzzle next to a body of water , shaking off water with a stick in its mouth .
A black dog with a red collar has an item in his mouth and is climbing out of a pool .
A brown dog climbing out of a pool with a stick in his mouth .
A dog with a stick in its mouth climbs out of the water .
The dog is climbing out of the water with a stick .
A man is asleep on the ground near two bank machines .
A man is slouched near an ATM while another man is withdrawing money from a different ATM .
A man sits in front of an ATM machine while another man uses the machine .
a man with a brwon jacket on his shoulders lying on the sidewalk near two ATM machines .
There is a man using an ATM machine , while a man sleeps on the ground next to him .
A man grasps onto the rock face .
A man in a red shirt attempts to climb a rock .
a man wearing red , climbs a large rock .
man in red shirt climbing rock cliff
Rock climber without a rope .
a boy jumps into the pool .
An adult watches a child somersault into the pool while another child looks on .
A woman throwing a little boy into the pool .
Woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool .
Woman throws little boy into pool as another boy watches .
A mountain landscape .
A mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky .
A snowy mountain range .
Rocky mountains .
Snow covered peaks .
a group of four people conversing next to a bus
Four people taking in front of a bus .
Four teenagers standing next to a bus and talking and laughing .
the two couples are chatting by the bus .
Two girls and two guys are talking to each other with a bus in the background .
A Beagle dog is walking on the shoreline at the beach .
A beagle walking on the beach next to some waves .
A beagle walks along the calm shore .
The beagle is on a beach walking along the shoreline
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .
A female in a pink tank top drinking beer .
A woman in a dark pink tank top , has a bag across her shoulder .
A woman in a pink tank top drinking out of a plastic glass .
A woman in a pink tank top holds a plastic beer mug .
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
A runner in a yellow shirt is cresting a hill .
A runner with one green shoe and one white shoe runs uphill .
A single runner is watched by onlookers in a race .
Man wearing green sneakers runs down highway .
The runner in red and yellow has just made it up the hill .
A boy licks an older male 's face that 's covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance .
A child in a yellow shirt is licking brightly colored food off of a mans cheek .
A young boy is licking blue and yellow frosting off a young man 's face .
A young boy is licking colored frosting off a young man 's face .
Someone licks the face of a man with blue and yellow paint on his face .
A guy is riding a bike up the side of a hill .
A young man bicycles towards the camera and away from beautiful mountains on a clear day .
Man on bike in mountains
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path .
man riding bike on trail
A couple of men sit by a large stone slab with mountains in the background .
Two men rest near a mountain range .
Two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks .
two men sit at a encripted stone in the mountains .
Two men sitting next to a tall stone .
There are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside .
The two men and their bikes are on the side of a snowy road .
two men on bicycles on the side of a snowpacked road in the country
Two men stop on a snow-covered hill with their bicycles .
Two men taking a break from riding their bikes on a snowy road .
a biker bikes in the mountains .
A male bicyclist on a mountain road .
A man biking in front of mountains .
A man is biking down really rough terrain .
Man on bicycle trek high in the mountains .
A man on a bike nest to a river .
A man rides a bicycle on a rocky path beside a lake in the mountains .
A man rides a bicycle on a rocky trail along a large river .
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake .
The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill .
A brown dog and a black dog run into each other in the grass .
A brown dog is grabbing the collar of a black dog .
A dark black dog is playing with a light brown dog in a backyard .
Two dogs are wrestling in a field .
Two dogs are wrestling in the park .
A hiker navigates a rope and wood bridge over a large dry ravine .
A person with a shoulder bag is walking across a shaky wooden slat bridge .
a woman crossing a wooden link wire bridge
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .
The woman is walking on a rickety narrow bridge .
A large tent with a green cover at a campground .
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest .
Picture of a campsite with a big green tent .
Rays of sunlight shine down on a green tent in the woods .
The sun is blazing through the trees onto a green tent in the woods .
A child is playing in the muddy water running along a grassy area .
A little boy is sitting on a wet path covered in mud .
A small boy sits in a mud puddle and gets covered with mud .
a very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud .
The little kid sits down in the muddy water .
A girl in a tutu and a boy in a costume in a dancefloor .
A little girl in a pink tutu gets ready for ballet dancing , a boy in a Spider-Man shirt behind .
a young girl wearing a pink tutu dancing with another young boy in the background .
A young girl wearing a tutu dances in a large room .
Two children are in costume in a dance studio .
A kid is pushing a shopping cart behind an adult inside a consumer market .
A little boy is hanging on to a shopping cart following behind a man .
A small boy wearing a white shirt pushes a grey shopping cart .
A young boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man .
The young boy is pushing the cart inside the store .
A giant inflatable ball , taller than a man , is chased by two men in orange shirts .
The men are on a hill with a giant white ball .
Two men are trying to push this very large inflatable golf ball
two men roll a huge ball .
Two workers in orange and black set up bubble
A baby is trying to eat a large red plastic toy outdoors .
A blonde infant chewing on a red toy .
A blonde toddler placing his mouth on the edge of a red plastic toy .
A child plays with a toy in the grass .
A child with his mouth on a red plastic toy .
A man in red swim trunks is jumping onto a bodyboard .
A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board .
A man with a wake-board is diving over a surface that is not water .
A shirtless man bodysurfs .
Man is diving onto his wakeboard .
A closeup of a man holding a baby wearing a blue shirt .
A man holds a chubby baby with pink cheeks and blue shirt .
A man in black holds a baby .
Ever since his baby girl started coming to the arcade with him , the dad enjoys watching others play his favorite pinball game .
The man is holding a baby near a carnival game .
a dog jumps into the pond .
A dog leaping into the water near a motorboat .
A light colored dog jumping off the back of a boat into the water .
A tan dog jumping off of a boat into the water .
The yellow dog is jumping off of a ship into the water .
A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees .
A brown dog runs across a snowy field .
A dog is running through the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area .
Hikers cross a bridge over a fast moving stream and rocky scenery .
People crossing a long bridge over a canyon with a river .
People walk across a rope bridge over a rocky stream .
Some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river .
Three people are looking across a rope and wood bridge over a river .
A hiker is walking along a path at the foot of some snowcapped mountains .
A man walks near mountains .
A man with ski poles stands in front of a mountain .
The person is walking in the mountains .
The skier is looking at the snowcapped mountains .
A group of people gather on a balcony .
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting .
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A group of people stand on a balcony .
Four people ride in an outdoor elevator .
Two men in ethnic dress standing in a barren landscape .
Two men in keffiyahs stand next to car in the desert and wave at a passing vehicle .
Two men in robes wave at an approaching jeep traveling through the sand .
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert .
Two people with head coverings stand in a sandy field .
A girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .
A girl dressed in black and white with mime makeup stands in the middle of a street with a white umbrella and black top hat in her hand .
a performer dancing in the streets wearing an exotic outfit
a woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
The lady in the street is wearing a white and black costume and is carrying a white umbrella .
A little kid splashes around in the kiddie pool while a lady watches .
a woman dumping water on a small child who is in a pool
A woman is throwing a bucket of water over a baby in the paddling pool .
A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area .
I child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
A calico cat raising its paws towards a dog with an open mouth
A cat swatting at a doberman dog
A dog and cat are fighting on a chair .
A multicolor cat fighting with a black and brown dog in a red collar .
The yellow and black cat and the brown and black dog are fighting .
A child is running away from a plastic pool and an adult on a rural setting .
A child is running away from a woman standing by a paddling pool .
A child playing with a water hose while a woman records with a camcorder
A woman and her son are playing outside by a kiddie pool .
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .
a blond boy petting a tiger
A boy pets a sleeping tiger .
A boy pets a sleeping tiger while another tiger sleeps behind him .
A little blonde boy is petting a resting tiger .
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down .
A man mountain climbing up an icy mountain .
An climber is ascending an ice covered rock face .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
Person in a yellow jacket is climbing up snow covered rocks .
There is a climber scaling a snowy mountainside .
A woman and a little girl sit on desert rock .
A young girl and older person are sitting near the top of a rock formation .
two girls sit on a large rock .
Two people are sitting on a huge rock formation .
Two people sit in the distance on an unusual rock formation .
A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain .
a horse driven carriage running through a rainstorm .
Black and white horses carry a cart with people through the rain .
People enjoy a horse draw open carriage in the rain .
The horses pull the carriage , holding people and a dog , through the rain .
A brown dog in a pink shirt runs through a field .
A hairy dog with a pink shirt running through a field
A long-haired dog wearing a pink vest and running
Brown dog in a pink sweater runs on yellow grass .
Dog with pink jacket running in field
A blonde child swims .
A boy is swimming in open water .
a child submerges from the water .
A kid comes up from the water .
The small child comes up from underwater .
Two girls are walking arm in arm past an amusement arcade .
Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway .
Two girls in shorts walk towards casino signs .
two teenage girls walking down a mall breezeway .
two women walk on the sidewalk .
A group of six children sit at a wooden table .
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table .
Six children , all with black hair , sit at a table for a picture .
Six children at a table .
Six small children sitting at a desk .
Two brown and white dogs lift their ears and look through a fence .
Two little dogs looking out of their cage .
Two small dogs are in a cage outside .
Two small dogs in a cage .
Two white and brown dogs up against a fence .
A boy goes down an inflatable slide .
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
A boy is sliding down in a red shirt .
A child going down an inflatable slide .
A young boy sliding down an inflatable , is looking off camera .
one brown and white dog chasing a black and white dog through the grass
The two dogs are running through the grass .
Two cocker spaniels running through the grass .
Two dogs are running through a green yard
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .
A girl in a pool wearing goggles and surrounded by other children
A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children .
A red haired girl making a peace sign is wearing neon green glasses and floaties and playing in the pool with other kids .
A red-headed girl offers the peace sign as she swims in the pool with floaties .
A young girl with goggles and floaties poses for the camera as she plays in a pool .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth looking at the person wearing blue .
A black dog holding a weight in its mouth stands next to a person .
A black dog holds a small white dumbbell in its mouth .
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby .
A man does a wheelie on his bicycle on the sidewalk .
A man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike .
A man on a bicycle is on only the back wheel .
Asian man in orange hat is popping a wheelie on his bike .
Man on a bicycle riding on only one wheel .
A group is sitting around a snowy crevasse .
A group of people sit atop a snowy mountain .
A group of people sit in the snow overlooking a mountain scene .
Five children getting ready to sled .
Five people are sitting together in the snow .
A grey bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in .
A large bird stands in the water on the beach .
A tall bird is standing on the sand beside the ocean .
A water bird standing at the ocean 's edge .
A white crane stands tall as it looks out upon the ocean .
A person stands near golden walls .
a woman behind a scrolled wall is writing
A woman standing near a decorated wall writes .
The walls are covered in gold and patterns .
Woman writing on a pad in room with gold , decorated walls .
A man in a pink shirt climbs a rock face
A man is rock climbing high in the air .
A person in a red shirt climbing up a rock face covered in assist handles .
A rock climber in a red shirt .
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall .

