A boy in a blue shirt climbs through the mud .
A boy in a blue shirt on a mound of mud
A boy in a pile of mud .
A boy in deep mud is attempting to get out with onlookers nearby .
A boy playing in mud
A child swinging a multi-colored banner .
A young boy is playing with a colorful streamer .
a young boy waving a streaming kite
A young child plays with a colorful toy outside .
The boy is playing with a colorful ribbon .
A man in a dark shirt and shorts is standing on top of a high graffitied rock .
A man in black standing on a rock with the phrase " life is short " spray painted on it .
A man is standing on rocks , which are inscribed with the phrase , " life is short " on the side .
A man stands on a rock and takes in the view .
A man wearing a black shirt is standing on top of a rock that says , " life is short " .
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field .
Two girls pillow fight in a school play yard .
Two girls playing with plastic bags in a park .
Two girls swinging bags .
two young girls htting each other with sacks on a field .
A girl climbing on a climbing ledge .
A little girl is climbing up a climbing wall
A small girl climbs a rock wall .
A young girl ascends an indoor climbing wall .
A young girl practicing rock climbing on an indoor wall .
a couple of people struggling through a muddy pit
A person wearing orange pants in playing in the mud .
Two girls climbing out of a mud pit by a beach .
Two girls wading through hip deep mud .
Two girls wake through some mud at a park .
A group of motorcycles wearing black .
Bikers are seen riding during a parade , one has an American flag .
Man carrying american flag rides motorbike .
many motorcyclists ride along the street .
People on motorcycles ride down a street with an American flag waving .
A man carrying a fishing pole silhouetted against a bright blue sky .
A person stands on a hill surrounded by blue skies and clouds .
A person with a fishing pole is backlit against a blue cloudy sky .
A person with a fishing pole silhouetted in front of a blue sky .
A silhouette of a man with a fishing pole .
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers .
A man in camouflage clothing hides in a bed of roses and other flowers .
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .
A man kneels in a field of red , yellow , and white tulips .
The man is in a field of tulips .
A boy and a dog run through the grass .
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog .
A child and a dog running across a grassy lawn .
A large dog chases a boy through a field .
A young Asian boy running with a white and grey dog on green grass .
A boy in the bathroom wearing a Spiderman t-shirt holding a ball and a toothbrush .
A boy is in the bathroom holding a green ball and a toothbrush .
A boy wearing Spiderman clothes standing in a bathroom .
a Kid in a spiderman outfit holds toothbrush and ball in the bathroom
A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball .
A father and son are flying a red kite .
A man and a child are flying a kite in a field in the city .
A man and boy are flying a kite together .
An adult and a child fly a kite together .
Man and boy fly kite in park .
A man about to paraglide from the water .
A man glides on top of the water .
A man is pulled through the water on a large ski .
a man on the sea .
man holding harness waterskiing
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
The motorcycle is being ridden on a track whilst pulling a wheelie .
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out .
A young boy with brown hair and green eyes looks at the camera and sticks his tongue out .
A young boy with reddish hair and grey colored eyes sticks his tongue out .
Kid in jacket points tongue out
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue .
A man jet boarding .
A parasurfer is airborne over the water .
A wakeboarder is attempting a trick while holding on to lines pointed upward .
A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave .
person on a wakeboard in the air
Children are practicing judo on red and white mats .
Girls do martial arts on a red mat .
People practicing martial arts in a training hall .
Two children perform a karate move on a red mat .
Two girls karate fighting
Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo .
Two little girls are dressed in white karate uniforms .
Two little girls practice martial arts .
Two little girls spar in a Karate bout .
Two young girls sparring in white martial arts outfits while a third person watches from the side .
a lone parasailer surfing in the ocean wearing a black swimsuit .
A man is kite surfing away from the camera .
A man is sky surfing on the water .
A man waterskis while attached to a parachute .
A waterskier cuts through the blue water with sailboats in the background .
A man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway .
a man wearing a white shirt and black pants sitting on a staircase
An old man sits in an ancient brick archway .
An old man with a white shirt and black pants sits on a chair in the opening of a stone tunnel .
Elderly man sitting in a doorway .
a person holding a picture of a face in front of their own face sitting on a bench .
A person sitting on a bench and holding a picture in front of their face .
Someone is sitting on a wooden bench holding the picture of a face up in front of their own face .
The person blocks his face with newspaper to avoid being photographed .
The person is holding a picture in front of their face .
A guy tries to climb a stone cliff while his friend helps him .
A man in a red shirt climbs a rock while another man stands behind to help him .
A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff .
A man in brown is helping a man in red climb a rock .
A man wearing a brown sweatshirt helps a man in red climb a rock .
A woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy .
A woman holding a ball chases a small boy running in the grass .
a woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy .
A woman is running after a boy on the grass .
A woman with a softball runs after a child in a grassy lawn .
A beige dog runs through the shrubbery toward the camera .
A blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron .
A brown dog is running through a wooded area .
The dog is running through the yard .
The yellow dog is running next to a bush on a path in the grass .
a lone man wearing sunglasses sitting on a concrete wall
A man sits by a dock looking at the water .
A man sits on a dock with a bottle of water .
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty .
A girl sits on a rock wall while looking at her cellphone .
A woman sitting down checking her cellphone .
A woman with a backpack looks at her cellphone while sitting on a short concrete wall .
The young person reviews his photos while sitting on a bench .
Woman sitting and looking at phone , with a black backpack .
A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure .
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face .
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face .
A young woman is laying in the sun with her face covered by a purple scarf .
A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck .
A woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building .
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building .
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench .
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A boy in yellow shorts kicks a soccer ball in a basketball court .
A little boy in orange shorts and flip-flops plays soccer on a basketball court .
A young boy kicks a ball in an outdoor court .
Buy in orange shorts and flip flops plays with soccer ball .
Little boy kicking pink soccer ball on a basketball court .
A man and a woman at the waterfront .
A woman and a man is standing beside water in front of buildings .
A woman holding a black leash and a man looking down .
A woman wearing a scarf looks down .
A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down .
A hang glider high in the air with a few clouds in the blue sky .
A person is flying with a yellow parachute above a green building .
A yellow parasail is in the air .
Hang glider floating through the air above many green trees .
Kite flying high in the sky with sky rider .
A guy is rock climbing .
A man is rock climbing .
A man rock climbing .
A young man in a blue short-sleeved shirt climbs up a rock face with no ropes .
There is a man in a light shirt climbing a rocky cliff .
A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log that is outstretched over a stream of water .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans poses by large mossy rocks .
A man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest .
A man is sitting on rock ledges .
a man lying in the middle of a hug rock
A man sits underneath a large and colorful rock formation .
a black dog plays in the water .
A black dog 's head rises above some water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
Drenched black Labrador in the water .
The black dog 's head is poking up out of the water .
A child in winter gear is posing while a crowd of people sit and stand behind her .
A young girl dancing .
a young girl stands on one leg .
Closeup of little girl dancing
The little blond haired girl in a grey sweatshirt dances at a park with people seated behind her .
A big , brown dog running through the water
A brown dog running through a pond .
A dog plays in water .
The brown dog splashes through the water .
The dog is swimming .
A girl dancing with four boys watching .
A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree
A group of teenagers stand in a park .
Teenagers socializing in the shade .
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree .
A dog walks down the dirt road as a person follows .
A tan dog walks ahead of a man in a dry area .
A white dog is going for a walk through the desert with its owner .
A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
Dog in desert area with distant man in background .
A brown dog carrying a stick .
A brown dog runs on the sand carrying a stick .
A brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick .
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in its mouth .
The dog is playing with the stick on the beach .
a little baby standing in front of a colorful merry-go-round
A little boy is watching a merry-go-round .
A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion .
A tow-headed boy looks on at the children 's merry-go-round .
Small child looking at a colorful children 's amuseument ride .
A little girl is sitting on the counter dangling one foot in the sink whilst holding a dish jet washer .
A little girl plays with a faucet .
A little girl wearing sunglasses puts her feet into the kitchen sink .
A young , barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink .
A young girl wearing red sunglasses sits near a sink and holds the faucet .
A man climbing a rock .
A man is rock climbing at sunset .
A man is scaling a large boulder at dusk .
a man scales the large rock .
Climber scaling rock at night .
A boy poses in karate form and uniform .
A small child in a karate uniform is punching .
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .
A young boy practicing martial arts .
The young child is standing in a martial arts pose .
Two people are on a very small boat on the water with big trees in the background .
Two people are riding in a canoe near a forest .
Two people are rowing a canoe through the water .
Two people in a boat paddle their way past large trees .
Two people row a boat .
A group of people rowing a boat .
a group of people rowing a large rowboat in the lake .
A skull of rowers on a lake .
A team paddles their long boat through the water with trees behind .
Many people ride in a canoe near a forest .
Two black dogs are jumping in waves at the beach
Two black dogs play in the waves at the beach .
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach .
Two dog are playing the waves at a beach .
Two dogs are running around in the water .
A man in a red shirt climbs a rock in the background , a tree in the foreground .
A person climbing a boulder behind a tree .
A person climbs a big rock under a tree .
A person jumping in a rock and treefilled area .
The boy in the red shirt climbs a large rock .
A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree .
A boy wearing brown running in dirt .
a dirty boy runs through the dirt .
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .
A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country .
Two little boys are playing on a playground .
Two little boys lounge at a park , one sitting on a swing .
Two toddler boys look onward from the playground .
two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
Two young boys with playground equipment
A child reaches for a bar .
A little boy in navy blue reaching up for a bar on a playground .
a little child reaches for a bar .
Boy reaches above head for blue pole .
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area , another child in background .
A man is paddling a kayak on water beside a large rock face .
A man is rowing a canoe in a body of water .
A man rows a boat against a night sky .
A person canoeing on water with a black background .
A person rowing in their boat in the water .
Children on tricycles .
Children riding tricycles on the pavement .
Little kids are lined up to race in a tricycle race .
Two children ride tricycles in a race .
Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner .
A girl in a red t-shirt is sitting on rock above the clouds .
A girl sits on the side of a large mountain with one leg hanging off .
A woman in a red shirt is sitting on the edge of a cliff .
A woman in red is sitting on the edge of a steep rock .
A woman in a red shirt is sitting on the edge of a high cliff .
A brown dog wading into a marshy pond .
A dog on the edge of a body of water .
A dog walking into a lake with reeds in the background
A dog wearing a blue leash walks into a body of water .
A large brown dog leans into the water from the grassy shore .
A blonde woman is standing in the middle of a field of tall pink flowers .
A blonde woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips , in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance .
A woman sitting in a field of flowers
A woman standing among a bunch of pink flowers , with a little shack in the back .
The blonde woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips , near a grassy field and trees .
A black and brown dog trying to catch a blue ball .
A dog chasing a ball .
A dog jumps for the blue tennis ball .
Large brown dog jumps for blue ball
The German shepherd dog is trying to catch a blue ball .
Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night .
Three lean , numbered , greyhounds race along a track .
Two Greyhounds racing at night
Two horses are right alongside each other in the race .
White , black , and brown greyhounds racing in numbered shirts .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
A group of four children dancing in a backyard .
Four children , out in a yard , leap into the air .
Four kids are jumping around and playing outside .
Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair .
Two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken .
A little boy wearing an orange shirt and white shorts jumps barefoot on a plastic jumper on top of the green grass .
A young boy in a red shirt plays on a mini-trampoline in a grassy field
Boy wearing a red shirt standing on a plastic object and holding a yellow toy shovel .
Boy with yellow toy in hand , jumps on a toy on green grass .
Young boy bouncing off a trampoline .
A boy enjoys puddle jumping on the big yellow dot .
A boy is jumping on yellow spots that are painted on the floor of a water fountain .
A person in the air above a water spout in the blue and yellow floor .
A small child is chasing water squirts in a fountain .
Young child jumping in the air .
A dog chases a smaller dog .
A large dog is running on the grass .
A larger brown dog is chasing a smaller grey dog on the grass .
A large tan dog runs after a small tan dog on a grassy yard .
A small dog stops in its tracks to look at the big dog chasing it .
The girls smile at the camera .
three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
three young african-american girls smile for the camera .
Three young black girls posing for the camera .
Three young girls wearing white dresses smile at the camera .
A man on a motorcycle going around a corner .
a man rides a green motorcycle around a corner
A man with a blue helmet leans into a sharp turn on his motorcycle .
A motorcyclist on a number 52 bike leans in for a sharp turn .
The number 52 motorcyclist in a blue and black helmet is going around a corner .
A doberman bites a large blue ball .
A doberman biting a blue ball on a grassy surface .
A doberman puppy is trying to put a very large blue rubber ball in this mouth
A large black and brown dog tries to bite a large blue ball .
The dog tries to bite a big blue ball .
Two children with chocolate around their mouths are pulling funny faces .
Two girls are making funny faces and one has food smeared on her face around her mouth .
Two girls with chocolate mouths
Two little brown haired girls are grinning and squinting their eyes .
Two little girls , one with chocolate on her face , make faces .
A man is kneeling next to a tripod and a feild of tulips .
A man is taking photographs of a large garden of white and orange tulips .
A man photographing tulips .
A man takes pictures of white and yellow tulips .
A photographer eyes his next subject in a garden of tulips .
A black dog is shaking water off his body .
A dog on a leash shakes while in some water .
A dog splashes in the murky water .
A dog standing in shallow water on a red leash .
Black dog in the water shaking the water off of him .
A young girl is in a teal colored netted skirt and wearing a shirt with a peace sign .
A young girl smiles while wearing a teal fluffy skirt .
a young girl wearing blue smiles .
The little girl is running and laughing .
The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu .
A homeless man holds up a sign begging for money for beer , pot and a hooker .
A man holds a sign outside a hotel that reads " Ok Ok Ok , I need money for beer , pot and a hooker . "
A man in Seattle holds a sign begging for money .
A scrubby looking man in a black sweatshirt holding a sign .
The man is asking for money .
a dog running on the beach
A dog runs across sand .
A dog walks on the beach .
A skinny brown dog runs across the wet sand with his mouth open .
The dog is running through the wet sand .
Two bums are sitting on a sidewalk outside a Peace Mission in Portland Oregon .
Two homeless men sitting next to a building with a shopping cart .
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores .
Two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings .
Two people are sitting against a building near shopping carts .
A blond dog jumps in the air on the grass .
A medium sized brown dog jumping
A muscular dog is walking on very short grass .
A tan dog is prancing over grass .
Brown dog looks mean while running
The two white dogs are playing in a field .
Two little dogs run in the field .
Two white dogs running
Two white dogs running in the grass together .
Two white dogs run through the grass .
Two boys are walking down a tree lined dirt path .
Two children walking away , down a path surrounded by trees .
Two children walking down a forest path .
Two children walking down a path in the woods .
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods .
A brown dog is standing in a lake .
A brown dog is swimming in a creek .
A dog swimming in a pond
Dog swimming in body of water
The brown dog is swimming in the water .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
A dog lays under a table being sniffed by another dog .
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture .
One dog sniffs another lying on the ground .
There is a dog laying on the floor and another standing over him , licking his ear .
A man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track .
A man on a red crotch rocket .
A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie .
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air .
The red motorcycle pulls a wheelie on the racetrack .
A tan dog and a cream colored dog run through grasslands .
A white dog and a brown dog running across a grassy field .
Two dogs bound across the grass .
two skinny dogs are running towards camera across a grassy field .
Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass .
A brown haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees .
An Asian girl is smiling whilst standing in font of some green bushes .
An asian woman with brown hair wearing a green jacket .
A young woman stands in front of some shrubs .
Young brunette woman smiling in front of bushes .
A man in a white t-shirt is standing outside on a busy street .
A man stands on a busy street with buildings and shops in the background .
A picture of a young man in front of some interesting buildings .
Man poses on street corner .
Man with white shirt and green shorts poses for a picture .
A man fiddles with a shopping bag outside near a shopping cart .
A man gathers his belongings by the side of a building .
A man in a black cap is opening a bag beside a bicycle and a shopping cart .
A man looks in a bag near some grocery carts and a bike .
A man outside at a red brick building with a grocery cart , a bike , and miscellaneous .
A man plays fetch with his big black dog just out of the woods .
A man prepares to throw a stick intended for a black dog in front of him to fetch .
A man throwing a stick for his black and tan dog .
man throwing stick and dog watching
The man in the black jacket is throwing a stick for the dog to chase .
Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench .
Three little girls are sitting on a purple bench and making funny faces .
Three little girls make silly faces on a wooden swing in an over saturated photo .
Three young girls are sitting on a bench swing in a park .
Three young girls pose together outside .
A boy walks through a dusty rocky yard with a bicycle tire on his shoulder .
A small child is carrying a large hoop .
A small child is holding a tire over his shoulder .
A very small boy carries a bicycle tire on his shoulder .
A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road .
a black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A black cow and a brown cow being chased by a dog
A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog .
A brown cow jumps near a black one as a dog herds them .
Dog chasing brown cow and black cow
A couple kisses .
a couple kisses on a busy sidewalk .
A couple kisses on the busy street .
A man and a woman with a purse on her shoulder kissing each other while standing in a crowd .
The couple embrace on the street .
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool .
A little boy in red trunks plays in a kiddie pool .
A little boy is jumping into an outdoor kiddie pool
A little boy jumps into a child 's pool in a backyard .
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit jumps into a blue kiddie pool .
A black dog is running fast on green grass .
A black dog is running in the grass .
A black dog is running in the yard
A black dog is standing on the grass .
A black dog runs and , focusing on something .
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival .
A group of people walk through a carnival .
People standing outside at a carnival .
People walk outside of a building that has many murals painted on it .
Several people are in a front of a colorful painted building .
A man dressed in a purple shirt and red bandanna smiles at the people watching him .
A man on the street wearing leather chaps and a chainmail codpiece .
A man wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps poses for the camera .
Man dressed in leather chaps and purple shirt stands in front of onlookers
There is a man in a purple shirt , leather chaps and a red bandanna , standing near other men .
A group of people in front of a house .
A man in stripes , a woman in sunglasses , and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building .
A woman in sunglasses and a blue flowered shirt stands while a boy and a man sit nearby .
A woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left .
Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building , perhaps a school .
a camel carries two peoples stuff .
a couple of people in the desert walking in front of a large tan camel
A woman , child , and camel with supplies walking near a tree .
camel standing next to tree in desert carrying water
Two people stand by a camel with containers strapped to him .
A bride and groom look at each other in a goofy picture .
A bridge is talking to the groom and he scratches his head .
A formally dressed couple , she with her mouth open , stand next to each other .
A groom and a bride with a strapless dress .
A man in a black suit knocks his head with his fist as he puts his arm around a woman in a white strapless dress .
A man in a hat and sunglasses reads a book on a park bench .
A man in c camouflage cap and jeans is sitting on a bench reading a book .
A man is sitting on a bench and reading a book .
A man on a park bench reads a novel .
A man wearing a camouflage hat and sunglasses reading a book on a black metal bench .
A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures .
A group of people gathered for a meeting .
A group of people sits outside a building .
people gather in front of building for speech
Several people are gathered on the steps in front of a brick building .
A black and white dog , a black dog and an orange dog are in the grass .
A black dog , a golden dog and a black and white dog are running in a park .
Dogs running and playing in a grassy area .
There are three dogs running in the grass with trees behind them .
Three dogs at the park .
A black and white dog looks at a man about to throw something .
A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean .
A man playing with his dog on a beach
A man with a toy in his hand on a beach playing with his dog .
Man on rocky beach playing with black and white dog .
A boy is at a playground on a pole .
A boy spins on a park playground .
A child slides down a pole on a playground .
a kid playing in the playground
A little boy sits and spins on a playground .
A cream colored dog runs through green grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A recently adopted mixed breed medium sized dog bounds happily around the yard .
A yellow dog running across a lawn .
A yellow dog runs through the grass .
A black and white dog is jumping up to catch a green Frisbee .
A black and white dog jumps high to get a green Frisbee .
A dog catching a Frisbee in front of a red building .
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee .
The dog jumps up to catch the Frisbee .
a black and white dog jumping in the air while balancing a gold soccer ball on its nose
a black dog balances a soccer ball on its nose .
A black dog holds a beat up soccer ball in his mouth on the grass in front of a home .
A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball .
A dog plays with a soccer ball .
A woman practicing shooting her gun at a shooting range .
A woman shoots at target practice .
A woman wearing ear protection is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range .
A young woman shoots a gun at a target .
Girl in pink shirt fires at the target at a firing range .
A man is standing at edge of a pond , with two dogs and is throwing a branch is water .
A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it .
A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch .
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
Someone is at the water 's edge with two dogs .
A Lay 's potato chip truck at the end of a path and two people walking .
A woman has her arm around a man and they are walking towards a potato chip truck .
A woman in a tank top checks out the trailer decorated with potato chips .
Two people are walking towards a lays truck .
Two people walk toward a potato chip truck .
A boy flying a red and white kite .
A boy is flying a kite and smiling at the camera .
A child flying a kite .
A little boy is flying a kite high up in the air .
Boy flying a distant kite .
A daschund with an open mouth appears to bark at a bubble making machine in the grass .
A dog trying to catch bubbles from a bubble machine in the grass .
a small brown dog in the grass trying to catch bubbles
A small brown dog playing with bubbles in grass .
A wiener dog bites at bubbles made by a bubble blowing machine .
a tan dog jumping through the field with some barren trees in the background
A tan dog runs through the brush .
A white dog runs on brown grass .
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field .
The light colored dog is running through a field .
A girl jumping over a jump rope .
A girl wearing pink shoes jumps over a rope and smiles .
A girl wearing shorts plays jump rope .
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .
A small girl with brown hair and a big smile is jumping rope .
three children in a field with white flowers
Three children , one with a stuffed kitten , in a field of flowers .
three children play in the garden .
Three children pose among wildflowers .
Three kids palying with a toy cat in a garden .
A brown dog in a blue collar is chasing a green ball through mulch .
A dog chases a ball through dirt .
A dog is running towards a ball to catch it .
A white dog wearing a blue collar runs for a green ball .
The dog is running after a ball and stirring up dust .
A black dog and a grey dog run on the beach .
a black dog and a white dog are running across a sandy beach by the ocean .
A black dog is chasing another dog along the beach .
Two dogs are running on sand along the body of water
Two dogs are running on the beach along the water .
A woman wearing a straw hat and floral skirt is sitting on cement stairs with her head in her hands .
A woman with a straw hat is sitting on steps outdoors .
The girl wearing the straw hat is sitting on the concrete steps .
The woman sits on the steps outside .
The woman wearing a dress and hat , sits on the steps , with her head on her hands .
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
A brown dog is attempting to catch a Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown dog is trying to catch a Frisbee .
A brown dog squating on grass .
The brown dog is leaping to catch a Frisbee .
A young boy splashes in the pool .
a young man wearing swimming goggles jumping up oout of the pool
Two children play in an inflatable pool .
Two kids play in a pool .
Two smiling boys with goggles on play in an inflatable swimming pool with water up to their waists .
a golden dog with a blue object in its mouth stands next to another golden dog in front of a green fence in a grassy field .
A heavily scarred pitbull attempts to take a playtoy from another pitbull .
The two tan dogs greet each other in the green grass .
Two dogs in a grassy park playing .
Two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass .
A brown dog is running on the grass .
A brown dog is running very fast with his tongue out .
A brown dog running through the grass .
A brown dog runs on the grass .
A brown dog runs through the grass .
A boy crawling through a cement pipeline
A boy in a tube
A young boy dressed in a black hoodie crawling through a large , white tube .
A young boy is crawling through a white tube .
Boy crawling through a cement tunnel .
A boy slides down a slide with his legs apart .
A little boy sliding down a slide while laughing .
A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass .
Child in a blue hoodie and shorts is sliding down a slide .
The boy is sliding down a metal slide .
A child on a swing .
A girl is swinging on an object that is red with blue rope in a well-kept field .
A girl smiling at the camera from a rope swing .
A young girl dressed in black swings around on a rope with red ball at end .
A young girl wearing a pink hat swinging on a swing set .
Children wearing helmets ride horses in a ring .
Kids are riding horses in a ring .
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence .
Two children wear helmets and ride horses over the sand inside a fenced area .
Two young girls are riding horses within a white fence .
A black and white dog is running along a blue board .
a black and white dog running down a blue ramp with his mouth open .
A black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
a black dog runs on a platform .
A dog walks across a tall ladder .
A dog with a Frisbee in front of a brown dog .
A large black dog is catching a Frisbee while a large brown dog follows shortly after .
Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
A dog jumping over a barrier on a course
A dog , jumping over a trace obstacle , a woman watching in the back .
A dog leaps of a dog jump .
A German shepherd is jumping over three striped bars in a competition .
Dog running and jumping high bars .
A boy pushing another boy on the swing .
A little boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans is pushing the swing that a little boy in a red shirt and blue shorts is sitting in .
One boy pushes another on a swing .
one boy wearing a red shirt riding on a swing while another boy wearing a blue shirt pushing him .
One young boy pushing another young boy on a swing .
A boat sailing past the rising sun .
A sailboat in the water .
A sailboat in the water at sunrise .
A ship sails in a blue sea .
The old looking ship is sailing at sunset
A man and a dog stand atop a black ashy mountain range .
A man and a dog stand on a black rocky mountain .
A man taking a picture of a dog on a dune .
A man with a camera and a dog on a mound of gravel .
The dog is standing on top of the rocks next to a man taking a photograph .
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow .
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
Two dogs chase each other across the snowy ground .
Two dogs play together in the snow .
Two dogs running through a low lying body of water .
A small , white dog is in the kitchen jumping in front of the counter .
A white dog tries to climb on the countertop .
A white dog tries to jump on the counter .
A white dog with orange ribbons is jumping up to see a countertop .
White dog with orange bows on ears leaps to reach kitchen counter .
A man is walking next to a wall with " Where are you ? " painted on it .
A man walking reads a wall asking " Where are you ? " .
A man walks under a bridge and reads grafitti that reads " WHERE ARE YOU " ?
A man with a cigerette walks past graffitti which says " Where are you ? "
People walking through a short tunnel with " Where are you ? " written on the wall .
A boy goes down a blue slide with his eyes closed .
A young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches , smiling .
A young male child slides down a blue slide while his mom watches .
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide .
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide , smiling woman in background .
A black dog in a red harness jumping .
A black dog springs up into a pool .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water .
Black dog running while man looks on .
A little boy is putting some cutout letters on the wall .
A small child is playing with cut-outs of the letter " P. "
A toddler sticks paper " P " letters to a wood paneled wall .
The child is sticking paper letters to a wooden wall .
Toddler in pajamas plays with paper cutouts of the letter " P " .
A boy poses on a shadow-dappled lawn .
A boy running through green grass .
A child runs through the grass .
A young child in a white shirt is standing in a field of green grass
The boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees .
A crowd of children .
A large crowd of girls are all wearing green skirts and white tank tops .
a large group of young people all dressed in white tops and green bottoms
Boys and girls at a party .
Middle school aged kids are showing their school spirit at a pep ralley .
A black dog in a yard with a green object in its mouth .
A dog catching a toy in its mouth .
The black dog catches something green in its mouth .
The black dog in front of the tree has a green toy in its mouth .
There is a black dog catching a green toy in its mouth .
A beige dog with his tongue out is leaping in the air above the grass .
A big tan dog runs through a grass field with his tongue hanging .
A brown dog runs through a field .
a tan dog running through a grassy field with trees in the background
Large dog running in the field .
A little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from .
A little girl is holding up a yellow water hose and water is pouring out and the big brown dog is drinking the water .
A young girl holds a running water hose , from which a brown dog next to her is drinking .
the dog is drinking the water being squirted from the hose by the little girl .
The little girl is holding a yellow hose for a brown dog .
A dog in a yellow jersey is running a race .
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6 .
A greyhound wearing a muzzle and the number six on a yellow jacket is running on a dog track .
A muzzled race dog running
A race dog is running for first
Two individuals sit on a park bench .
Two people in chairs reading .
Two people in lawn chairs reading books .
Two people with brown hair , sitting on chairs and huddled over book , near flowers .
Two women on green chairs are looking at a book .
The three girls have pillows .
Three children are on a rug pretending to play instruments .
Three children play together and act like celebrities with their props .
Three girls pretend to be rock musicans in a posh living room .
Three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home .
A man holding a sign with people walking around in the background .
A man in an old suit holding up a protest sign in a crowd of people .
A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event .
A man stands near a crowd holding a protest sign .
Man with tan cap , suit jacket and plaid shirt behind a picture in an outdoor scene with other people in the background .
A black dog carries a toy on the grass .
A black dog is carrying a black stick in the grass .
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A black dog plays with a toy on the grass .
The dog is walking with a toy .
a couple people running through a large sidewalk fountain
A young boy is running through a water fountain .
Children are under a large fountain in the city .
Child runs through city fountain
Some children run through a fountain .
A boy jumps from a swing set .
A child is jumping from a swing and is in midair .
A child jumping out of a swing toward a target placed on the ground .
A child jumps off a swing and flies toward a landing pad .
A child jumps off of a swing while it is in motion .
A guy in a yellow shirt with a bike gets very high in the air .
A man in midair holding his bike 's handlebars
A man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is doing a trick high in the air with his bike .
Man holding onto bike handlebars while in midair .
A boy getting ready as the man wearing all black straps him into a black harness to climb the wall .
A man and a boy preparing to go up a climbing wall .
A man holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .
A man prepares a safety harness for a boy standing before a rock climbing wall .
A young boy is getting harnessed and ready to climb a manmade rock wall .
A blue car drives down a mostly dirt road .
A blue race car on an off road track
Blue car on a small road with men in the background and a res car on a slightly higher road .
Blue race car driving down narrow road
Bright blue car going down a dirt road , as onlookers watch .
A couple sitting together while the man eats corn .
A female wearing yellow and a man eating a corn with a big crowd of people behind them .
A man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman .
A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt .
A woman in yellow sitting next to a man with a cob of corn .
A boy holds a picture over his head .
A boy in a long sleeve shirt is holding a box above his head .
A boy is inside holding something on top of his head .
A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head .
a young boy with a samll cardboard box atop his head .
A person eats noodles .
A young boy eats noodles with large utensils .
A young boy wearing a gray shirt eats pasta .
Boy sticks huge pile of spaghetti in mouth .
kid eating pasta
A cricketer is laying on the ground between the wicket and the ball .
A man is lying on the ground , laughing , during a ball game .
A man playing cricket closely inspects a shot .
Guy playing cricket lying on the grass
The cricket player just misses catching the ball .
A cricket batsman swinging
A man playing cricket
A man wearing a baseball uniform swings back with a large bat .
A man wearing white clothes playing cricket .
The baseball player holds up his bat ready to swing .
A dog and his owner at a rocky beach .
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
A man and dog on a rocky seashore .
A person is walking their brown dog over large rocks near the ocean .
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
a climber is climbing a rock face above a mattress that is lying on the ground below .
A man climbs a rock .
A man is climbing a rocky mountain .
A man is on his back in a rocky cave .
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation .
A lady holds a little boy while another little boy smiles at them .
An older lady holds a toddler while another boy watches .
a white woman in a green sweater holds a smiling child whilst a smiling boy in a yellow shirt looks on .
A woman holds a baby while a boy sits next to her smiling .
A woman holds a baby while another child looks on .
A girl in a red and white dress is playing with hula hoops .
a girl in a red skirt with some hula hoops
A little girl hula hoops with multiple colorful hoops .
A little girl in a long red skirt is hula hooping with four brightly colored hula hoops .
The small girl in the red skirt played with the hula hoops .
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance .
A race car , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures .
A silver and blue rally car is passing two spectators who are standing at the roadside .
Blue and silver car going around curve being watched by people standing in grass
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch .
A black dog is swimming through the water .
A black dog swimming .
A black dog swimming in water .
A black lab swims , with only its head above the water .
The drenched dog is swimming .
A brown and white dog , wearing a collar , is moving through some water .
A brown and white dog with a collar wading in a river .
A dog is in the water .
A dog standing in water .
A dog swims through the water .
A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner .
A male doing a bicycle trick in midair .
A man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike .
A trick cyclist takes air .
The man is performing a trick off a ramp with a bicycle .
a dog having fun with a tennis ball
A dog on the beach has a ball in its mouth .
A small dog is playing with a ball on the sand .
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach .
Small dog catching a ball in its mouth on a beach .
a man climbs large rocks .
A man in dark clothes appears to be climbing rocks .
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock .
A man rock climbs .
This picture depicts looking up at a rock climber .
A brown and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A dog with his front paws off the ground holds a white Frisbee in his mouth in an RV campground .
A white and brown dog jumps up for a white Frisbee .
Dog catching Frisbee .
The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth .
A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench .
A girl in a ponytail sitting at the dge of a wooden bench , grass and flowers before her .
A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass
A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day
A young woman sits on a bench .
soldiers 2 and civillians sitting on a bench at a busstop
A man and a woman are waiting for a train , ignoring each other .
A man in blue jeans sits on a bench near a woman in green pants with a red and white bus behind them .
Five people are sitting on benches waiting for the bus .
Two people wait on a bench .
A man in a safety suit training a police German Shephard .
A man trains a dog to attack .
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .
A man wearing pads on his limbs is being bitten by a dog .
A man with a quilted glove is bitten by a dog .
A dog is near three farm animals with horns outside .
A dog prepares to heard three sheep with horns .
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background .
Sheep cluster together in a field while a dog is nearby .
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .
A boy in a yellow uniform carrying a football is blocking another boy in a blue uniform .
A football player in a yellow jersey is pushing away another player .
The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled .
Two boys playing football on opposing teams .
Two young football players wearing blue and yellow uniforms fight for the ball .
A group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs .
The men shake hands while another man and dogs look on .
The three men and three dogs floated in the yellow boat .
Three men in team uniforms are surrounding a yellow dog in a boat .
two men huddle around a dog .
A boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole .
A boy wearing a Scottish kilt holding a large stick
A child is holding a rod while standing on a bridge near a grassy area .
A little boy in a kilt is fishing with a stick .
A young girl dressed in a uniform is holding a very long stick .
A girl in a white dress on the beach .
A girl in a white dress walks toward the water and away from white boots on a beach .
A girl walking on a beach barefoot .
A little girl in white leaves her boots behind as she walks in the sand .
A woman in a white dress walks toward the water on a beach with white boots in the foreground .
A black and white rally car takes the turn .
A global group race car .
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby .
The black and white race car is rounding the turn .
The race car is speeding up the hill .
A brown and white dog playing with black dog .
Two dogs look at one another outside .
two dogs playing
two small dogs playing with each other in the grass
Two small dogs run across the green grass .
Two brown dogs play rough on green grass .
Two dogs play
Two tan colored dogs are roughhousing outdoors .
Two tan dogs play on the grass near the wall .
Two yellow dogs play-fighting .
A boy splashes into a pool , ejected from a water slide .
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide .
A child makes a splash in the pool as he emerges from the water chute .
A girl splashes in the water near a big blue water slide .
One blue and one green water slide .
A white car racing in the dirt and water
A white race car drives through a puddle .
A white race car makes a splash through a wet track .
A white race car splashes through a puddle on a dirt road
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air as it approaches a bend in the track .
A race car drives through a dirt-covered racetrack .
A red car emitting smoke while on a paved track .
A red race car pulls off the track smoking .
A red race car travels down a road marked with red and white striped ribbons .
A red rally car taking a slippery turn in a race .
A yellow car is driving away from the water .
A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people .
A yellow race car is driving through water on the race course .
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch .
A yellow race car in a curve , with smoke behind it .
A darked skinned male is standing on one palm in front of a yellow building .
a man break dances .
A man holding himself with one arm i front of a store .
A young man jumps on a table .
This black man appears to be break dancing on the pavement .
Basketball player has fallen on the court while another grabs at the ball from out of frame .
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court .
Two basketball players , one on the floor , struggle to gain possession of a basketball .
Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball , one falling to the floor .
Two men in uniforms playing basketball , struggle for the ball .
A girl sticks out her tongue on a bench .
A little girl in a blue dress sitting on a park bench , sticking out her tongue .
a little girl sticking her tongue out in a bench
The little girl in the blue dress is sitting on a wooden bench .
The little girl is sitting on an old bench and making a face
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean .
A man stands on the edge of a cliff overhanging the ocean .
A man stands on the overhang of a cliff .
Man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water the sky and water are blue and meet at the horizon .
A boy in a green striped top is running barefoot through the sand .
A boy runs through the sand .
A boy wearing a striped shirt runs barefoot in the sandy hill .
A young boy in a stripped shirt running down a sand dune .
The youngster enjoys playing in the sand .
A group of 5 girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture .
A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph .
A group of school girls are standing together while one is taking pictures .
A group of young women stand together .
Girls in school uniforms .
A little girl dressed in pink swings on a swing
a young girl rides a rubber horse .
A young girl wearing pink rides a swing and smiles .
Little girl in pink is on a ride .
The girl in pink smiles as she rides on a black swing .
A woman in a headscarf stands by a garden of white flowers .
A woman in a head wrap is standing behind a tree and some beautiful white flowers .
A woman in a white headscarf sits near white flowers .
A woman wearing a headscarf is near many tulips .
a woman wearing a scarf over her hair in the distance behind some flowers .
A lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her .
An elderly woman collects recyclable trash .
A woman searching for cans in the trash to put in her grocery cart .
a woman with a shopping cart is rummaging through a trashcan .
Bag lady going through the trash .
a lone blue and white race car about to cross the finish line
A race car is observed by the crowd .
A white and blue car is on the street .
Spectators watching white and blue race car passing by .
The blue and white car is in the road , with onlookers nearby .
A race car blows smoke while it drives .
A race car drives on a track while several people watch from behind rope .
A race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch .
A sponsored race car is spinning its tires on a track while being watched by spectators .
Onlookers watch a white stock car that has smoke coming out of the back .
A boy in a bathing suit stands in water .
A little boy stands in a creek on a sunny day .
a toddler wearing colorful shorts is standing in the water .
A wet child standing in water .
Little boy knee-deep in water .
a group of band members doing a routine
A group of girls , in white skirts and green tops , walk in a circle carrying rifles in front of a drum line .
A marching band performing .
A marching band performs in an auditorium
Some marching band members in green and white outfits .
A girl jumps over the grass tufts on a sandy area near the sea .
A girl running through uneven sand with some withered grass .
A girl wearing a jacket and scarf is playing on the beach .
A little girl is jumping down a sandy hill .
A small girl wearing a green shirt jumping off a grassy , sandy hill with a black scarf in her hand .
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass .
A single tan-and-white dog dashes through tall green grass .
A small brown and white dog running through tall grass .
A small dog runs through a grassy field .
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass .
A girl and boy bounce on large balls .
A little boy and girl bounce on red and blue balls in the yard on grass .
Two children are bouncing on their toys behind a gated housing complex .
Two children are hopping on inflatable balls .
Two kids bouncing on balls in the yard
A girl in a red sweater runs on the grass .
A little girl in a red coat runs in the green grass toward the pavement .
a young girl wearing a red shirt and a white skirt running through the grass .
The girl with a red coat is walking across the grass .
The little girl wearing a red shirt is walking through the grass .
A girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
A little boy chases a little girl who is driving a red toy jeep .
A little girl rides a toy car while her brother walks behind .
A little girl with black sunglasses drives a 4x4 red Jeep while a little boy stands in the background dressed in blue .
A young boy in blue is chasing a young girl sitting in a play car .
A baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
A child is playing on a slip and slide game in the grass .
A child is splashing in a children 's pool while other children are playing in the background
A child playing in an inflatable pool .
A small child is sliding down a slip 'n' slide .
Two boys rollerblading .
Two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk .
Two men are rollerblading down a sidewalk .
Two men are rollerskating on a sidewalk
Two men , one wearing a green shirt , the other wearing red are rollerblading .
A security man guards the door as another one brings his items off .
A subway worker stands next to a car with several garbage bags inside .
Someone is pulling a big black bag onto a subway .
There is a bum getting out of a subway car .
Trash spills out of a subway door .
A baby leans down to pet a white dog beside its mouth .
A small child and a small white dog .
A small child bends down to touch a white dog .
A toddler is petting the little white dog .
a young noy plays with a dog .
A girl in a dress runs followed by a man in jeans .
A man and a little girl are running on a walkway .
A man chases a little girl in a flowery dress down a paved trail .
A man chasing a young girl wearing a red white and blue skirt .
Man in maroon shirt running behind a running girl wearing a red , white and blue tutu .
A person standing on the sidewalk near a large gathering of people at a tent .
A woman is holding a drink in front of a white tent .
A woman stands holding an orange cup in front of a crowd .
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event .
Woman standing with a drink in her hand next to a tent .
A girl on a pink scooter pushes herself down a subdivsion sidewalk .
A girl riding a scooter on a sidewalk .
A small child rides down the sidewalk on a scooter in a neighborhood .
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk .
The small child with a red helmet rides a scooter on a sidewalk .
A group of kids look out of a fence .
A group of kids stares through a fence at some type of animal .
Children look through a fence .
Five children and two adults standing side by side looking at animals in a cage .
Several children lined up at and looking through a fence .
A male topless rock climber is climbing a rock face whilst attached to a safety harness .
A man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope .
A shirtless man rock climbs .
Shirtless man climbs a steep rock face .
The man in boarding shorts is rock climbing with a red rope .
a family takes a ride on a yellow boat .
A group of people sitting in a boat talking .
People enjoy time on boat .
Several people are on a white boat .
There are seven people on a yellow and white boat .
A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction .
Pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy , wooded field .
People are walking around a park area .
People meandering around in a grassy area with trees .
Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field .
A group of people stand outside at night talking .
A group of people stand on a balcony at nighttime .
Four guys are standing by a white fence , one of them holding a Frisbee .
Four men and one female stand near a rail at night .
People stand and talk .
A man and woman are sitting on concrete stairs .
A man and woman sit on cement stairs outside of a store .
A woman in a red business suit sits on a step sharing food with a man in a leather jacket .
a woman wearing a pink jacket sitting on a staircase with a man wearing a grey hat sitting a few steps behind .
The woman wearing the pink blazer is talking to the man wearing the golf cap .
A brown dog splashing through water .
A dog is running through a pond
a dog pounces into the water .
The large brown dog is running through shallow water .
There is a chocolate brown dog running in water .
A couple ride bikes next to an orange fence by the ocean .
A man and a woman ride bikes on the boardwalk .
A middle aged man and woman ride bikes down a road beside the water .
An older man and woman ride bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
Man and woman riding bikes on paved , fenced path near ocean .
A little boy walks with a woman wearing red in a wheelchair .
a toddler in a green and yellow jersey is being followed by a wheelchair bound woman in a red sweater past a wooden bench .
A woman in a wheelchair and a toddler at a park .
A woman in a wheelchair and orange sweater follows a young boy in a park .
A woman in a wheelchair follows a young boy at a park .
A blonde haired boy is at the bottom of a slide .
A child laying on their stomach at the bottom of a slide looks up .
A child on a red slide .
A little girl sliding on her belly down a slide .
A young boy smiles at the bottom of the slide .
Girls playing in a sand playground .
Two girls play in a sand box .
Two little girls are sitting in a sandpit next to a row of sand castles .
Two little girls make sandcastles in a sandbox .
Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand .
A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle .
a woman is running beside a dog that is jumping over a red and white obedience training fence .
A woman next to a dog which is running an obstacle course .
A woman walking with a Sheltie through a competition obstacle course .
The dog is jumping over the hurdles beside a woman .
A black and brown dog stands on a roof .
A black dog at the top of a red incline .
A dog has his paw on the red roof of a kennel .
A dog jumps over the top of an obstacle .
A dog leaps onto the red roof of the doghouse .
A child in a red shirt and hat enjoys a tire-shaped swing at the playground .
A child rides a swing .
A girl in a red shirt is on a tire swing .
A small child riding on a ring swing .
A young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing .
A large white dog is playing with a large stick .
A white dog lays on green grass while chewing on a stick .
A white dog wearing a leash laying down and chewing on the end of a stick .
A white dog with a collar and leash is about to chew on a stick .
The white dog is lying on the grass and chewing a piece of wood .
A beige and dark brown dog plays in the swimming pool with his mouth open .
a black and white dog trying to bite a stream of water
a dog is making a splash in a blue paddling pool .
A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth .
A dog playing in some water .
A black man with gray hair half sitting half laying on a street floor .
A man lies on the ground outside a building .
A man sits outside a building .
Man slumped in front of building
The dark skinned man is laying in a doorway next to a metal pipe .
A little boy with a blue shirt is wearing a helmet and riding a two wheeled bike .
a young boy rides a purple bike .
A young child is riding a purple bike .
A young child rides a small purple bike while wearing a red helmet .
A young child wearing a bike helmet rides a two wheel bike .
A child wearing a red shirt and blue Crocs shoes runs toward the camera .
a girl in red runs across the grass .
A girl with a red shirt is running in the grass .
A young child with a red shirt is running in the grass
There is a young child with a red shirt with a skull and crossbones on it .
A boy plays with a car .
Boy playing with a truck .
The baby in suspenders sits by a toy .
The little boy with the big brown eyes is touching the little car .
The toddler in suspenders plays with a truck .
A black dog runs in a grassy yard while a woman dressed in green watches from in fton of a tan house .
A black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes
A dog and master play in a grassy residential backyard .
A man is watching his dog in his yard .
A woman and a dog standing in the grass .
A black and white dog hopes a toy is thrown his way after a gray and white one receives one .
A black and white dog near a grey and white dog on beige carpet .
Two big dogs play in a room in a house .
two dogs are on the carpet in front of a cardboard box .
Two dogs in a house playing with toys .
A black dog is running along the beach .
A black dog running on a beach .
A black dog running on the beach
A dog walking away at the beach .
A large , black dog is running in the sand on the beach .
a girl in a yellow dress is standing on the pavement outside a store .
A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .
A girl in yellow dress near a restaurant .
A little girl in a yellow dress is standing in front of a restaurant .
A young girl wearing a yellow dress , gray pants and flip flops is standing in front of a restaurant .
A black dog is walking along the grass sniffing at the ground .
A black dog running in the grass .
A dog sniffs the grass .
Black dog on grass , sniffing the ground .
Black dog with tan markings wearing a blue collar standing on green grass .
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow .
a dog pounces on the grass .
The dog is running after the bull .
The large brown dog is playing in the grass with a brown cow .
Two dogs outside on green grass .
A black and white dog is playing with a large brown cow .
A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog .
A dog is herding a bucking cow .
A small and gray dog chases a large bull who is jumping away from it .
a small dog chasing after a bucking cow
A boy celebrating with paint on his face and clothing .
Boy covered in finger paint .
Closeup of young boy with his face and body painted .
The boy has orange paint on him .
The boy wearing orange face paint is carrying a toy fish in around his next .
A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee .
A man in a yellow sweater catching a Frisbee .
A man throwing a Frisbee .
A man wearing a yellow jacket throws a yellow Frisbee .
The man is standing near a stone monument and throwing a yellow Frisbee .
A man in a bright yellow jacket is wearing a helmet .
A man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet .
A pony-tailed man in a yellow jacket is wearing a bicycle helmet .
The man has on a yellow jacket and a white helmet .
The man with the ponytail and helmet looks on .
A child wearing swim goggles .
A small child wears goggles near a pool .
A young child is wearing blue goggles and sitting in a float in a pool .
A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool .
The little child is wearing blue goggles .
People lighting sparklers .
The children play with sparklers at night .
Three children look down at a sparkler firework .
Three children playing with sparklers .
three children play with sparklers .
A brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket
A dog is bringing a little soccer ball onto a human bed .
A dog is on the bed holding a toy soccer ball .
A dog jumps on bed covered in pink , with hopes of playing with the ball in its mouth
Blonde Scottish Terrier with ball in mouth standing on blanket
People laying in massage chairs
Three people are enjoying vibrating massage chairs .
Three people recline in massage chairs .
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs .
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .
A black guy in a apron grilling cornstalks .
A chef prepares roasted corn .
A man in an apron grilling corn .
A man is cooking corn in a restaurant .
A man with an apron cooks husks of corn .
A man with a denim hat and white beard gives a thumbs up .
A man with a gray beard and denim hat gives a thumbs up sign with his hand .
An old man with a white-haired beard and a blue cap gives a thumbs-up sign with his right hand .
Man with white beard and glasses gives a thumbs up .
The elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up .
A man eating an apple , sitting in public .
A man sits in a public place eating an apple .
A man sits on a bench and eats an apple .
A man sitting on a ledge eating an apple .
The man has curly brown hair , is eating an apple , and wearing a black shirt .
The three children are standing on and by a fence .
Three boys are standing in a row along an upraised wall and rail , each a level higher than the one before .
Three children stand on or near a fence .
Three little boys , one wearing a cowboy hat look over a fence .
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence .
A black and tan dog is carrying a light blue ball near a fence .
A black and white dog is walking with a blue Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog runs on concrete holding a blue ball .
The dog has a blue ball in its mouth .
The large dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful toy in its mouth .
a boy falls off his red bike .
A boy has fallen off of his bike onto the pavement .
A boy lays on the pavement after falling off his bike .
A young boy falls off his bike .
a young boy lying in the street with a red bike over him
A black dog and a brown and white dog are playing with a stick in the water .
Two dogs are swimming in water whist carrying a stick .
Two dogs both have the same stick in their mouth while they are swimming .
Two dogs , one black the other brown and white , swim with a stick .
Two dogs swimming .
a brown dog jumping into the beach
A dog at the beach jumping into the water , with a rock breaker in the background .
A dog jumping into the water .
A large brown dog is jumping into the ocean .
Dog jumping in the sea .
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .
Two little girls wear dresses and bonnets next to a snake .
Two young girls wearing blue and turquoise dresses and bonnets are walking beside a tree .
Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree .
two young girls wearing bonnets standing by a tree watching a snake nearby .
A black dog crosses a puddle of water with a ball in its mouth while a brown dog looks the other way .
A black dog runs through water carrying a ball in its mouth whilst a brown dog looks away .
A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .
Two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .
a couple walking a white dog down a paved street
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .
A man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants .
A man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .
The man is walking a white dog with one hand whilst resting his other hand on the shoulder of the woman with the pink backpack .
A boy climbing a rocky area .
A boy climbs rocks in the woods .
A boy climbs up some rocks .
A young boy wearing a white hat is climbing rocks .
The boy is wearing a hat .
a kayaker tumbles over .
Kayaker is in rough water .
Kayaker tips his kayak in the white water rapids .
Man in yellow kayak falls in the rapids .
Someone is kayaking in a yellow kayak over choppy waters .
a climber is between two large red rocks .
A man squeezes between two rock formations .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and white hardhat stands inside a crevice between two rock faces .
A rock climber standing in a crevasse .
The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place .
A motorcycle races .
A motorcycle rider in a white helmet leans into a curve on a rural road .
A motorcycle rider making a turn .
Someone on a motorcycle leaning into a turn .
There is a professional motorcyclist turning a corner .
A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure .
A child in a yellow shirt and blue jeans climbs through a red playground tunnel .
A girl climbs through a red plastic tunnel on a playground .
a girl climbs up a red slide .
Child climbs the inside of a red slide .
A girl holds onto a rope above the water .
A girl wearing a harness is lifted out of the water .
A person attached to a harness is being dragged through the water .
A person in a harness is hanging above water making a spray with their feet .
A person on a pulley is dragged across water .
A beige , white and black little dog is bounding towards the camera from the street onto the green grass .
A dog is running along the grass .
A multicolor puppy running on the lawn beside a road .
A puppy running along a street .
A small dog is running on the grass beside the road .
A black and brown dog is running on the beach .
A brown and black dog walks along a rocky beach .
A dog running on the beach .
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
A wet German Shepherd runs along the waves on a beach .
Three children are playing soccer in the sand .
Three people kicking a ball in the sand .
Three people playing with a red ball in a large sandy area with a tree in the background .
three people play soccer in the sand .
Two boys and a girl kick a ball in a sandy field .
A boy in a robe sits in a chair .
A little dark-haired boy on a chair in his white bathrobe .
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera .
There is a little boy sitting in a chair .
a boy swings on the swing .
A little boy in a striped shirt laying on his belly on a swing .
A young blond boy swings nearly upside down in his chair swing .
A young boy tilted forward in a child 's swing .
Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .
Two brown and white dogs are next to each other with red toys in their mouths .
two bulldogs running togerther in the grass with their tongue 's hanging out .
Two dogs running through grass next to a street .
Two dogs running up a grassy hill .
Two dogs run up a hill with their tongues out .
A brown dog is running through tall green grass .
A brown dog running in field of long green grass .
A brown shorthaired dog runs through high grass .
A golden dog runs through a field of tall grass .
A lean dog playing in tall grass .
A blonde girl and two American flags
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area .
A girl wearing glasses behind two American flags .
A girl with glasses next red white and blue flags .
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags .
A goalie is guarding the goal .
Kids in helmets play hockey outside .
Several players playing a game of hockey outside on the road .
Some children play hockey outside .
Two children play street hockey in front of a goal .
A brown dog is jumping through a field .
a brown dog jumps over the grass .
A tan dog jumps and runs in a field .
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass .
The tan dog in a black collar runs across a field .
A group of boys in swim gear is playing in a field surrounded by trees .
Boys in shorts jump and play outside
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
Three kids throwing water balloons .
Three young boys play outside .
Greyhounds take a corner at a race .
Three dogs are competing in a dog race .
Three dogs racing madly around a racetrack .
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .
Three dogs running on a racetrack .
a man stands outside a bank selling watermelons .
A man with a red Shriner hat is looking at watermelons in front of a bank .
Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank .
The man is looking at watermelons for sale outside of a bank .
There is a man , wearing a funny hat , standing in front of a bank .
A girl does the backstroke in the pool .
A swimmer does the backstroke in a swimming pool .
A swimmer in a dark blue suit swimming backstroke .
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool .
The girl wearing pink goggles is in the swimming pool doing the backstroke .
A boy in a yellow shirt is walking on a beach holding a surfboard .
A boy in a yellow shirt walks with his surfboard out of the ocean .
a little boy at the beach with a surfboard
A young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard .
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
A beagle is playing in the grass .
A beagle walks down a grassy hill .
A black and brown dog walks down a dirt and grass hill .
A young beagle playing in the grass .
Basset hound on a grassy slope .
A group of people are flying colorful kites near a beautiful snow-capped mountain range .
Bright kites are being flown with a mountain background .
People flying their kites in an open field
Several people are flying kites , with mountains in the background .
Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range .
A dog with its mouth opened .
Brown and white dog yawning .
Close-up of dog in profile with mouth open .
Dog yawns
The dog 's mouth is open like he is yawning .
A black dog standing in the water .
a black dog wearing a red collar is standing in a stream with its tongue out .
A black dog with a red collar stands outside with his paws in water .
A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .
Black dog stands in river .
A female swimmer comes up for air .
A girl in water , with goggles and swimming cap .
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath .
A swimmer wearing goggles and white cap is in the pool .
Swimmer wearing goggles , in water .
A girl is jumping in the air while holding an orange and white guitar .
A girl with a guitar .
A young barefooted girl leaps in the air while playing a toy guitar .
A young girl jumping with a Guitar Hero guitar
A young girl jumps while playing a red and white guitar .
A man holds a ball in the air for a brown dog to catch on the beach .
A man in jeans plays with a white and brown dog at the beach .
A man playing with a ball toy with his brown dog .
A man plays with his dog , making him jump for food .
a man with a stick and ball is playing with his dog at the beach
A thin girl in black smokes a cigarette .
A woman dressed in black and white smokes a cigarette in a grassy area .
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette .
The woman in the black coat is standing with a cigarette in her hand .
Women wearing black standing and smoking .
A black dog soaked in liquid jumping to the grass .
A brown and black dog jumping out of a pond .
A dark dog jumps out of the water and onto the grass .
A dog playing in water .
A wet brown dog is jumping from some water onto the grass
A girl bounces in a harness with a building in the background .
A girl in a harness and cords for jumping .
A girl in a rope harness is suspended in the air in front of a building .
Girl hangs up in midair by two bungee cords .
Girl on swing in front of building .
A baby sits on an empty beach under a big , blue sky .
A toddler sits on a sandy beach .
Baby sitting at a beach .
The baby sits on the sand in the front of the scene while the ocean is in the distance .
The baby sits on the sandy beach .
A man in a hooded jacket sits alone on a park bench .
A man in a purple jacket is sitting on a wooden bench with a large tree to his left .
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti .
A man sitting on a bench between a tree and a bush .
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park .
The dogs are walking in the desert .
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass .
Two dogs playing outside .
two dogs run across dry ground .
Two dogs walking along dirt path .
a boy in an orange jersey is about to pitch a baseball .
A boy in an orange " Spring Hill " ball team uniform , pitching the ball .
A little boy in orange pitching at a baseball game .
A young boy in an orange uniform is pitching a baseball during a game .
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball .
A boy in a pool wearing Spiderman floaties .
a boy with spiderman armbands is in the swimming pool by the wall at the edge .
A boy with spiderman swimming is in a pool .
A young boy wearing Spider-Man water-wings at the edge of the pool .
The boy is in the swimming pool .
A teenage girl and little girl play on pink toy .
A woman and a girl are swinging on a red swing
A woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on .
Children on a red and yellow swing set .
Two kids playing on playground equipment .
A dog leaps over a man in a white cap to catch and orange Frisbee .
A dog leaps over a man to catch a disc .
A man wearing sunglasses kneels with one knee on the ground looks up to see a dog in the air catching an orange Frisbee .
Dog jumps over owner to catch smilely faced Frisbee , while spectators in the park watch
Several people are standing and sitting on a grassy field watching a dog jump over a man to catch an orange Frisbee .
A brown and white dog is running across the grass .
A brown and white dog is running in a grassy park like setting .
A brown dog is running across a low cut field of grass with another dog and onlookers nearby .
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .
a dog runs across the grass .
A boy in black is sitting on a wall near the beach .
A little boy sits on concrete wall by the ocean .
A small child sitting on a ledge near a beach .
a young boy sits by the beach .
a young boy wearing a spiderman shirt sitting on a wall next to the beach .
A man sits in a wheelchair as a woman pushes him .
A woman is pushing a man in a wheelchair toward the camera on a brick street while other people are passing behind them .
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair in a European courtyard .
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair ; in the background is an arch .
A woman pushing a man in a wheelchair outside .
A couple walking down the street .
A man and a woman walk along the sidewalk .
A man and a woman walking down a city street
A man and woman stand on the sidewalk of a busy street .
People are walking through a crowded street .
A little boy playing in a water spout .
A little boy plays outdoors in water spurting up from an inground fountain .
a small boy plays in the sprinkler .
A young boy plays in the fountains shooting up from the ground .
Boy plays in outdoor water sprays .
One black dog and one brown and white dog are running in the water .
The two dogs are running through the water side by side .
Two dogs run in the water .
Two dogs running in the surf .
Two dogs running side by side in water .
A brown dog is running in the grass between obstacles on a course
A dog runs through the grass .
A light brown dog running through an obstacle course .
A red furred dog runs on an obstacle course .
a small dog plays in the grass .
A bearded man laying on his back under a large tree .
A grey bearded man is sleeping under a tree .
A man laying in the grass under a tree .
A well dressed man with a cane and a beard , sleeping under a tree in a park .
A white haired man lays down his cane and hat and rests next to a tree .
A boy in a swimsuit sitting on top of a circular fountain .
A boy is perched on a mushroom shaped fountain .
A boy next to the opening of a fountain .
A crowd watches from the background as a young male sits atop a round shaped water fountain .
A girl kneels on a round fountain that sprays water into the air .
A boy is rock climbing .
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
a young boy climbs the rock wall .
A young child climbs an indoor rock climbing wall .
A young kid cin orange climbs a rock climbing wall .
A black animal or two are in the water .
A black dog plays around in water .
An animal with black fur splashing about in relatively deep water .
The three black dogs are swimming very close to each other .
Three black dogs retrieving an item from a body of water .
A man gazes over the rail in the peaceful early morning .
A man looks out at the water under a bridge and against a skyline .
A man looks over a railing into the water .
Man leaning on railing with lampost behind him
Man with white undershirt and blue pants standing at fence with red top rail near a bridge .
A black and white dog is playing or fighting with a brown dog in grass .
A brown dog runs in a field with a black and white dog .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
Two dogs are running and barking at each other .
Two dogs face each other in a field
Two people walk black dogs on leashes over the grass .
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
Two women lead black dogs around at an outdoor dog show .
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show .
Women walk dogs in a circular pattern over grassy terrain .
A boy gets ready to shoot a basketball .
a boy is holding a basketball up in front of a white house .
A boy looking intently , holding a blue basketball , a white house in the background .
A man is shooting a blue basketball .
A youn man in front of a white house holding blue and red basketball .
Two dogs racing across the water toward a beach .
Two dogs run in the shallow water at the beach .
Two dogs running in shallow water .
Two dogs running in water by a beach .
Two dogs run through shallow water in a bay .
A barefoot jogger in a park .
A man jogs on green grass with bare feet .
A man running barefoot on the grass .
A man runs shoeless on green lawn
The barefoot man in shorts and a green and white top , is running through a park .
The two gray dogs are trying to get a red object .
Two dogs try to get an orange toy .
Two gray puppies are chewing on a plastic red toy .
two grey dogs fighting over a red toy .
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field .
Two boys show off their stained , blue tongues .
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues .
Two kids are sticking their blue and green colored tongues out .
Two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps have their blue-tinted tongues stuck out .
Two young boys wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out .
The dogs are behind the fence .
Three dogs are behind a rusty fence as one barks .
Two dogs are in a fence and one is barking .
Two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence .
two dogs bark behind a fence .
A child in a grey jacket is running along a leafy path .
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves .
A young child runs outside amidst fall leaves .
A young child walks among fallen leaves .
The child plays among the leaves in the autumn .
A man is standing beside a large , colorful birdcage containing birds .
A man posing in front of a bird cage .
A man standing next to a bird cage
The man in the black sweater is standing next to a green bird in a birdcage .
The man is standing next to a bird cage .
A child in a swing .
A little girl in a yellow outfit sitting in a blue , yellow and red swing .
A toddler with blue eyes sits in a blue swing with grass in the background .
Blue-eyed baby in toddler swing .
The small child is sitting in a red playground swing .
The three dogs ran in the yard .
three dogs are running across the grass near to a blue industrial building .
Three dogs are running in a field .
Three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind .
Three dogs that are different shades of brown and white are running in a field .
A man crouching down on some rocks in the ocean .
A man in a green shirt climbing on rocks while water rushes over them at night .
A man is standing on some rocks while waves lap around him .
Man crouching on rocks by the ocean shore
The man is leaning on rocks close to water .
A little girl dressed in a blue one piece is doing gymnastics .
A rear view of a little girl in a leotard jumping on a trampoline .
A young girl is in midair doing gymnastics .
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air .
A young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air .
A light colored dog runs on a narrow path .
A pale dog runs down a path .
A white dog is running down a path between bushes .
A white dog rushes down a dirt path surrounded by grass and trees .
Yellow dog running through bushes on path .
A black dog splashes through greenish water .
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek .
A brown dog walks through a shallow stream .
A greenish dog runs through the water by several large rocks .
The dog walks in the shallow water .
a large woman stands in the street .
A woman in a white shirt standing on a street
A woman stands on a street .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
The woman sips her drink on the sidewalk .
A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls .
Four people in a dimmly lit room with pictures all over the walls and two bright lights are engaging in conversations .
People gathered in an artist 's studio .
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery .
Some people are mingling in a room that has photographs all over the walls .
A black dog chases a brown dog with a stick through the water .
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth .
two dogs playing in the water with a stick
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water .
Two dogs running through the water with a stick .
A baby in blue pants is sitting on a red slide .
A little boy in a blue jumper is playing on a red plastic toy that looks like a slide .
A small baby boy sitting on a slide .
A small child wearing light blue overalls sits on a red slide .
A toddler in a light blue overall sits at the top of a red plastic slide .
A girl making a sad face standing in front of her tricycle
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A little girl with mud on her face cries .
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child 's bike is in the background .
The girl in a pink top is standing next to a red tricycle looking like she is about to cry .
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path .
A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail .
A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods .
Biker riding through the forest .
The person in the red is on a bike .
Four men are standing outside in front of a fence .
Four people are looking through a fence .
People are standing next to a chain link fence .
Several men are watching something through a fence .
Young men looking through a fence .
a man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right
A man falls off his horse on a racetrack .
A person is kneeling between two horses
A rodeo contestent being drug between two horses .
Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse .
A dog is running through a park
A little white dog runs outside , their ears blown back in the wind .
A small white dog running .
A white dog running through the grass .
A white dog with a collar is running .
A boy mountain bikes down a trail .
A dirt biker goes down a dirt hill .
A person rides his mountain bike down a steep hill in the woods .
A person with a helmet is riding a bike i the grass and dirt .
The man races his bike down the hill .
Many people riding a hanging roller coaster .
People are upside-down on a roller coaster .
People hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop .
The roller coaster is going through a twist , turning the people upside down .
This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .
A group of people riding a roller coaster upside down .
A group of people riding a yellow roller coaster .
Many people on a roller coaster ride are flipped upside down over a white track .
People ride upside-down on a roller coaster .
There are multiple people going over a loop on an inverted roller coaster .
A dog is a body of water .
A dog running through the water .
A dog swimming .
This dog is jumping through the water .
Wet dog jumping in water
A little girl is holding a cellphone up to her ear .
A little girl is talking on a cellphone on the floor of a living room .
A little girl listens to a cellphone .
A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear .
A young girl is talking on a cellphone .
A boy in a party hat splashes in the water .
A boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle .
A little boy in blue is playing in a stream .
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
A young kid is jumping in a puddle .
A group of people are standing in a line looking off in different directions .
A group of people are standing together on the pavement .
A group of people stand in a loose line on a brick ground .
A group of people stand in a line on the concrete tiles .
The people are waiting in line .
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets .
A naked man rides a bike .
Naked people riding bikes .
The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked .
Three naked people ride bicycles in a city street while law enforcement and a crowd looks on .
A sheepdog barks at a cow .
A small dog barks at a brown and white cow .
a small dog is barking into a cow 's ear .
A small grey dog is in the grass with a brown cow .
The little dog is going after the bull .
A dog flies through the air , preparing to catch a ball .
A small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball .
A white dog jumping after a flying yellow ball .
The small dog is playing with a large ball on the grass .
White dog in midair next to a large yellow ball .
A boy poses for the camera at a party .
A child is having a good time at the wedding reception .
A child stands in front of a dancing wedding party .
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .
The child has his mouth open and is surrounded by adults dancing .
A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white , curly haired puppy .
A spotted dog butting a white dog with his head .
A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing .
Two dogs are playing together .
Two dogs play with one another on the lawn .
A brown dog jumps high in the grass .
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass .
a brown dog jumps into the grass .
A dog is jumping in the air in a field of grass .
A red dog jumping up in a field of tall grass .
A group of cars parked on a hill
A group of off road vehicles parked together high in the mountains .
A group of vehicles are parked on a hill in the fall .
A line of off-road vehicles is parked on the hill outside a wooded area .
Many cars parked on a mountain .
A dog is wading through deep water while holding a stick .
A white and brown dog is carrying a stick in the water .
A white dog with a brown spot over one eye in a pool of blue water with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog with brown spots on his face with a stick in his mouth swimming in water .
The white dog brings a stick from the water .
A little boy blows bubbles , which are held by a young woman
A little boy with brown curly hair is blowing bubbles with a wand held by a girl .
A small boy blows bubbles through a wand held by his mother .
A woman holding a bubble wand for the child to blow bubbles from .
A woman holds a bubble wand while a toddler blows bubbles .
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city .
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square .
A small boy in yellow rides a bike very fast on a brick road .
A small child wearing yellow rides his yellow bike in a city center .
Little boy riding yellow bicycle in a lightly crowded plaza .
A black dog fetches a dead bird .
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth .
A black dog is holding a bird in his mouth .
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth .
A black dog retrieves a bird .
A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air .
A girl in white pants and a blue tank top jumps .
An equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard .
A young woman photographed mid-jump , in a fenced area .
The girl is wearing a blue shirt and jumping in the air .
A big tan wet dog in shallow water .
A brown dog gets wet in the water .
A brown dog walks through natural water .
A soaking wet dog walks across a stream .
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake
Three boys , dressed in blue and orange , are smiling and using hand signals .
Three children are laughing and playing together
Three young boys dressed in an orange and navy shirt are smiling and doing signs with their fingers .
Three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile .
Three young boys wearing school uniforms pose and smile for the camera .
A girl in a white dress runs down a country road .
a girl walks on a dirt street .
A little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in America .
A woman in a white dress is walking along a long straight road .
A young girl with a white dress walks down a dirt road with trees and fields on both sides of the road .
A man pulling a small child out of a ball pit
A man removes a boy from a ball pit while two other children and another man watch .
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit .
Children playing in a ball pit .
two men are watching three children playing in a ball pit full of colored balls .
a man about to throw a tennis ball to a brown dog in the grass
A man gets ready to throw a ball for a dog .
a man gets ready to throw a tennis ball for his dog .
A man has a yellow ball on a red stick .
The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch .
A female tennis player in a purple top and black skirt swings her racquet .
A female tennis player prepairing to serve the ball .
A woman in a purple tank top holds a tennis racket , extends an arm upward , and looks up .
A woman wearing a purple shirt and holding a tennis racket in her hand is looking up .
Girl is waiting for the ball to come down as she plays tennis .
Two boys in denim play with hula hoops
Two boys play with a hula hoop in the yard .
Two children are playing in the yard and one has hula hoops around him .
Two children with hula-hoops .
Two young boys playing with hula-hoops .
A little boy takes a picture at the park .
A young boy is looking through binoculars at a playground .
A young boy wearing a blue and red hat is using a camera near a swing set .
Little boy takes photos outside .
The little boy is taking a picture with the camera .
A black man drinking out of a paper cup .
A black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup .
A man wearing a hat leans against a bench and holds a cup .
A man with a soft drink poses for the camera with a park in the background .
an african american man holds his soda .
Two dogs are running around on dead grass and sand with green grass in the background .
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand .
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach .
Two dogs run toward each other .
Two dogs run towards each other on a marshy area .
Two children are having a sack race .
Two children jumping in potato sacks .
Two girls are hopping in burlap sacks across a field in front of a fence around a tennis court .
Two girls are in a sack race .
Two girls hopping in potato sacks
A black and white dog is walking on a beach .
A black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach .
A black and white dog walks on a beach .
A dog with black and white spots walks on the beach , looking behind itself .
Black and white dog , walking on beach and looking back .
A child holding a dress that another child is looking at .
A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it .
A little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine .
Two girls holding a dress and looking at the ground
Two girls holding up a dress at an event .
A little girl in an orange shirt is inside a corrugated metal tunnel .
A little girl wearing an orange halloween shirt with long blond hair and blue eyes crawls through a tunnel .
a young long girl climbing through a tunnel .
Small girl in tunnel .
The beautiful young girl goes through the tube .
A brown dog is wanting food from a plate held by a person .
A brown dog looking at a plate with food , someone 's hand taking from it .
A brown dog resting his head on the lap of a person who is eating some food .
A dog 's head is in the lap of a person eating off a small plate .
The brown dog with the red collar is staring at the plate of food .
a brown and black dog walking on the beach
A fluffy dog walks along the sandy beach .
A medium sized dog on a beach
Dog walking on the beach by the ocean .
One brown and black dog standing in the sand at the beach .
A little girl in pink shorts runs on a lawn .
A little girl runs through the yard .
Asian girl with white tank top and pink shorts running through grass .
A young girl waring pink shorts runs through grass .
The Asian girl is running across the grass .
A girl dressed in blue enjoys a blue treat while putting her white shoe back on .
A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy .
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .
Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand .
The girl in a blue dress is eating some blue cotton candy with one shoe off and one shoe on .
A smaller white dog and large shepherd playing near two people .
A small white dog is playing with a bigger brown dog in the woods .
Two dogs are interacting in a wooded area while people stand around .
Two dogs fighting in a forest , with the legs of two men in jeans in the background
Two dogs trying to bite each other .
A skateboarder jumps off his skateboard in midair in hopes of landing back on it .
A teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard .
A young man is flipping a skateboard during a trick .
a young skateboarder doing tricks in the air
The man is performing a trick on a skateboard near onlookers .
Little kids walk with their backpacks outside of a market .
The boy in a yellow shirt is walking behind two people and also is passing by a statue .
Three asian children with backpacks walking down a brick street .
Young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of Buddha
Young boys with backpacks walking down a street .
A boy with an orange shirt smiles , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
A little boy in a tan hat on the ground of a play area .
A smiling boy in an orange shirt with a safari hat sits at the playground , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
Two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .
A little boy with a dirty face lays on a colorful rug .
A little boy with a messy face sitting on a colorful blanket .
little boy in red shirt and gray shorts with messy face
The little boy is laying back relaxing on the colorful blanket .
There is a little boy in a red shirt and a dirty face and he is smiling .
A little girl in a rain puddle .
A little girl is walking in a puddle of rain water in a hole in the road .
A little girl stands in a puddle of water in the middle of the street .
A little girl stands in a puddle on the concrete , shrowded in darkness .
A little girl stands in a puddle outside .
A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it .
One dog is jumping up at another dog in a grassy field .
The two tan colored dogs are in a field , and one is jumping in the air .
Two brown dogs in a field .
Two brown dogs play with one another in the field .
a groupe of three walk the street .
A man , woman , and child stand outside looking serious and waiting for something .
An Asian man , woman , and child are standing on a sidewalk .
three asian people standing on a sidewalk with a street scene in the background
Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk .
A black dog jumping from a dock into water .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog jumping off of a dock .
A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond .
A large black dog is jumping off a pier into a pond .
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .
a girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path .
A little girl in a pink cowgirl hat and blue cast over her arm , is walking a sheep .
A young girl wearing a pink cowboy hat holding a sheep on a leash .
The girl is wearing a pink cowgirl hat and pink boots .
Two boys playing in the surf on the beach .
two boys play in the ocean .
Two boys stand in the surf .
Two kids play in shallow waves against a brilliant blue sky .
Two young boys are in the water .
A woman helping a toddler to swim in a pool .
A woman in a white swim cap teaches a toddler how to swim in a swimming pool .
A woman is holding a boy in a swimming pool .
A woman wearing a white swim holds a small boy in the swimming pool .
Woman teaching young boy how to swim .
A tan dog and a black dog are biting each other in the face .
A tan dog and a black dog fight .
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other .
Two dogs bite each other while playing around .
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other 's mouths .
A boy in a yellow life vest jumping into a pool
A little boy in a life jacket jumping into a pool .
A little boy jumps into the swimming pool .
Goggled boy jumping into the pool .
The little boy in a yellow life jacket and goggles jumps into the pool .
Four children are playing in a grassy field .
Four children are playing together outside .
Four children are running and playing tag .
Group of children play in rural area
Three boys and one girl in a muddy grass field .
A woman floats with her face out of water in a pool with another woman nearby posing for the camera .
Two children are smiling for picture being taken of them in a swimming pool .
Two children relaxing by the pool .
Two girls in a swimming pool .
Two smiling children in a swimming pool .
A boy and a girl at the beach , throwing sand .
a boy flings sand at a girl .
A boy with an orange tool on the shore is spraying a girl standing in shallow water with mud .
Boy flings mud at girl
The young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond .
A boy goes down a slide .
A boy wearing a t-shirt with the American flag , goes down a slide with his arms flung out .
A smiling boy goes down a brown slide .
Boy sliding down the slide with outstretched arms .
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide .
A boy in shorts kneeling on a tile courtyard , arms outstreached .
A boy with a short haircut and a blue shirt gestures happily to someone out of frame .
A child kneels and raises his arms .
A little boy is posing on a stone wall outside .
A small boy is kneeling on a step with his hands in the air .
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
A little girl and boy play Frisbee together in a grassy area .
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A young boy and girl playing .
Two children playing in a field .
A dog bites a cat whiel they lay on a bed together .
A white dog biting an orange cat on the bed , pillows behind .
A white dog biting at an orange cat .
A white dog in a red collar biting an orange tabby cat on a bed .
White dog biting orange cat .
a tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet .
A woman in an orange shirt and white skirt hits a tennis ball with a racket .
A woman in a red shirt , white hat , and white shirts is playing tennis .
A woman swings at a tennis ball .
Female tennis player on grass prepares a two handed backhand .
Two blond girls are playing together .
Two girls enjoy themselves whilst wind blows through their hair .
Two girls with long hair jumping on a trampoline .
Two little blonde girls twirl their hair .
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline .
A black dog paddles behind a black cat in a body of water .
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .
Two black dogs are dog paddling in a sparkling blue pool .
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool .
Two dogs swimming in a pool .
A boy in a plaid shirt blowing bubbles with a yellow bubble wand .
A boy in over-alls blowing bubbles in a field .
A boy in overalls blows bubbles .
A young boy blows bubbles on a grassy lawn .
Little boy in plaid shirt blows bubbles outdoors .
a boy in a green shirt is pushing a shopping cart in which a boy in a yellow shirt is riding .
An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .
One boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it .
Two boys play with a shopping cart in a parking lot .
Two small boys play in a shopping cart in a parking lot .
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day .
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean , with several waves coming in .
A red dog stands in a rocky shore , its feet in the sea .
The brown dog is in the waving water .
The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet .
Brown and black dogs playing water .
The two dogs are in the murky water
Two dogs in a stream .
Two dogs stand chest deep in water , next to a stick .
Two dogs wearing collars stand outdoors in water up to their chests .
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
Two dogs are running in a grassy field .
Two dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run on a field .
Two dogs run and bark outdoors , one white and brown , one white and black .
Two lean dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run together .
two brown dogs playing some water
Two brown dogs play in shallow water
Two brown dogs play in the water .
Two dogs ankle-deep in water .
Two dogs in shallow water .
A child is holding up a camera in front of its face .
A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a Canon camera .
The child holds up a big camera to take a photo .
The child is holding a camera up close .
The person is holding a Canon camera .
A family jumps into a blow up raft in their living room .
a group of young children playing on a plastic boat inside a house
Children are playing in a raft inside of a house .
Some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft
Two parents and a young girl blow up a raft .
A fluffy black and grey dog in the grass .
A gray dog is in grass .
A gray fuzzy haired dog has its nose in the low cut grass it is standing in .
A small , fluffy , grey dog is in the green grass .
The black and white animal is in the grass .
Two ladies are wearing nothing except body paint and riding on bicycles in a street fair .
Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road .
Two painted women ride bicycles on the street with onlookers nearby .
Two woman wearing body paint ride bikes through a crowd .
Two women in costume ride bikes .
A naked woman covered in mud in front of a crowd
A naked woman covered in paint
A topless woman is covered in mud .
Naked woman covered in mud in crowd
Topless woman smeared with brown substance , blurry crowd in background .
A couple in a restaurant are holding hands .
A couple holding hands across a table .
A couple is sitting in a restaurant holding hands .
A dimly lit room with several individuals including a young man and woman holding hands across a table .
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .
An oriental girl wearing a yellow apron and a stocking cap .
An oriental woman who is wearing a hat walks down the busy street .
A person wearing a yellow apron looking toward other people .
A person with a yellow apron walking .
A woman wearing a yellow apron and a knit hat walks among other pedestrians .
A black dog biting onto something is swimming in the beach .
A black dog with a stick swimming in the ocean .
A dog with a Frisbee , swimming in a lake .
Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick .
A black dog and brown dog are running around in the sand .
A black dog plays with a brown dog on the sand .
A brown dog and a black dog in the sand .
Two dogs one black the other brown on a sandy ground the tan dog is behind the black dog .
two dogs playing on a sandy beach
A group of kids jumping into a swimming pool .
Five boys in the middle of the air about to jump into the pond .
Five young boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool at the same time .
Five young boys with only trunks on are jumping into a swimming pool
Kids jumping into the pool .
A female on a bike is wearing black wings , and a metal halo , while others walk by .
A girls in a strange outfit rides her bike .
A woman in a costume riding a bike .
A woman wearing a brown costume and fuzzy black wings is riding a bike
A woman wearing paint and costume pieces rides a bike on a busy street .
A group of boys is watching another boy walk away .
A group of boys with croquet equipment stands on a lawn .
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game .
Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment whie one boy starts to run .
Six pre-teen boys posing in front of an old building
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water .
A boy in white and red is at the beach .
A child playing in water .
A young boy wearing a white shirt is playing in the sea on a beach .
Boy running through the water at the beach
A car is parked in a graffiti filled street .
A graffiti defaced wall serves as the gathering of a few people nearby a car .
four people huddle against a wall .
Some adults stand by a wall covered in art graffiti at night .
Two people talk to a street person in front of wall of graffiti
A girl wearing a fairy costume rides a tricycle .
A girl wearing a fairy costume rides her tricycle
A small girl dressed in a green fairy costume is riding a big wheel bicycle .
A young , blonde girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle .
a young girl wearing a green fairy costume riding a bigwheels
A boy and a dog are running down a hill away from a crowd .
A boy and a dog run ahead of a group of people .
A group of children running down a hill .
a group of children running with a dog down a grassy hill .
A little boy and a dog run down a hill , behind them , a boy on a mini cycle and a shouting family .
A bunch of people on the beach at sunset .
Two people are walking towards a group of people on the beach at sunset .
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
Two people walking along the shore at sunset .
Two people walking on the beach at sunset .
A black man in a red shirt .
A man sits on a train with a suit and red shirt .
A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus .
black man in red shirt with tie sitting on a bus
The man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting on a bus by the window .
A child on an amusement park swing ride .
a lone swinger on a swing ride at the fair .
A person sits in a chair suspended by chains at an amusement park .
Kid rides high on fair swing .
Man is sitting in a swing on a carnival ride .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it .
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind .
Two brown and white dogs , one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass .
Two dogs are running through a field filled with logs .
Two dogs in harnesses running in tall grass .
A couple walking alongside a waterfront next to a city .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach .
People walking down trail beside water
The man in shorts and the woman with a dress are walking on the beachfront path .
Two dogs play in grass .
two dogs running in grass
Two pale dogs run in grass .
Two white dogs run on the grass next to a road .
Two white dogs run side by side in green grass .
A gymnast is bending over on a yellow mat on the grass .
A wrestler jumping and pointing at the mat .
a young wrestler being thrown to the yellow mat .
The person in the blue shorts is wearing black shoes with white stripes .
Wrestler jumping in the air .
A bunch of little kids are playing soccer .
Children play in a soccer game .
Little kids playing soccer
Little kids run toward the goal while playing soccer .
The children are running through the grass playing soccer .
Four women wearing energizer bunny ears point to an attraction .
Several women , wearing pink " Energizer " bunny ears , point to the right .
There are 4 women wearing pink Energizer bunny ears .
The women have pink bunny ears on their heads .
Women wearing bunny ears and race numbers point at something in the distance .
A black dog jumping from a wooden deck into a lake .
A black dog jumping off a dock into water .
A black dog jumps into the water off a dock .
A black dog jumps off of a pier into a lake .
The dog is leaping into the pond .
a lone person walking in the distance on a long beach .
A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
A person walks along the beach and leaves footprints in the sand .
A woman in a black dress is leaving footprints in the sand as she walks towards the ocean .
woman walking on sand leaving footprints
A baby sits on a tire and holds a toy .
A little kid , with a red toy , is sitting on a tire .
Boy in pajamas , with red and yellow toy , seated on tire near plants .
Child holding plastic car sits on a tire .
The child is sitting on the street playing with a red toy .
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face .
A person 's feet are sticking out from a small cave .
Rocks surround the feet of an adventurer , burrowing into an underground cave .
Someone is crawling under a large rock .
This man seems to be stuck beneath a rock and hard place .
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container .
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .
A dog is swimming in an above ground pool .
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .
The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool .
A girl is smiling at the camera with a crowd of people behind her .
A girl with long dark hair wearing a yellow and white shirt is smiling .
A young girl smiling for the camera .
A young smiling girl wearing yellow in a crowd .
Young girl posing with crowd in the background
A girl rides a swing while another girl watches .
A girl swings on a rope swing .
A little girl with a yellow shirt swings while a little girl in green watches .
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt swings on a tree rope .
The small girl is swinging on the rope
People sit near a fire outside .
Two men are sitting by a campfire .
Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night .
Two people sit around a large fire .
two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire .
A naked woman with her body painted .
A nude lady walks in front of a crowd in body paint .
A shirtless woman with paint on her face and mud on her body .
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud .
A young woman , topless except for paint or mud .
two brown and black dogs chasing a plastic bag through the grass .
Two dogs are chasing a soccer ball in front of a playground .
Two dogs chasing a plastic bag .
Two dogs chasing a toy in the air at the playground .
two dogs playing in a school yard
A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large , orange cones .
A homeless man standing in a construction site .
A homeless man stands with a sign next to orange construction cones .
A man holds a sign reading " HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS " near a construction site .
Stacks of orange safety cones in front of a man holding up a homeless sign .
A group of children looking at something off-camera .
Children watching something happen .
Several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces .
Three children sitting on the ground .
two girls sitting on ground
A child walking along side long legged birds .
A little boy and 4 turkeys walking
A small boy following 4 geese .
A small boy walks next to a group of four large birds .
A young boy walks down a road with four turkeys
a little girl swings on the swing .
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing .
A young smiling female on a swing .
The girl is happily swinging on a swing outside .
The girl swings .
A brown dog is soaked and is walking out of the water .
a dog walks out of the water .
a long brown haired dog walking through a river .
A very wet brown dog is emerging from the water .
A wet dog walks out of the water .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
Two guys are kayaking , one orange one blue , down a creek .
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water .
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
A man leads two cows down the dirt shoulder of a paved road .
A man walking his cow down the side of the road .
A man walks down the road leading a cow with no rider and another cow with a rider .
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .
Two men pull two cows down the road .
A dog in a grass field runs with a ball in its mouth .
A dog running across a field with a ball in its mouth .
A dog with a ball that is running in a field .
A little dog is bringing back a ball on an open grass field .
A long haired dog runs across a lawn with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A dog chases a deer into the woods .
A dog chases a deer on a field with yellow flowers .
A dog chasing a deer in a field of yellow flowers .
A dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers .
The dog chases a deer near the woods .
A girl swings a young boy near an arched doorway .
A girl swings her little brother around in a courtyard .
A woman swinging a boy in a circle .
A woman swings a boy around outside a building .
A young woman swings a young boy around by the hands .
A baby in a life jacket on a raft .
A baby is wearing an adult life jacket whilst sitting in a dinghy inside the house .
A happy baby wears an orange life vest .
A young kid wearing a life jacket
The toddler sits in the boat with a life jacket on indoors .
A white and a brown dog running through a grassy area .
Two dogs romp through a meadow of high grasses
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass .
Two dogs running through the grass .
Two dogs run through a field .
A race dog leaps a large stride as others follow behind .
Dogs wearing numbered jerseys running at a track .
The dogs run a race at the track .
The number four dog ahead of other dogs .
The racing dog with the " 4 " jersey surges ahead of the dog with the " 5 " jersey .
A guy riding a motorcycle on one wheel .
A man with a red helmet in doing a trick on a gray motorcycle .
A motorcyclist pops a wheelie .
A person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parkinglot .
Person doing a trick wheelie on a motorcycle .
A dog chases a ball .
A dog chases a tennis ball in a concrete courtyard .
A dog is running to catch a tennis ball .
A small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement .
The brown and white dog is chasing the ball .
A baby chews on plants .
a baby has some grass seeds in his mouth .
a baby sticking wheat grass into his mouth
A baby wearing green holds onto plants and puts them in its mouth .
Small child in green sweater with plant in mouth .
A woman dressed in black is striding outside on a grassy lawn with a leashed black and white dog while people in the background watch .
A woman in gray holding onto the black dog 's leash .
A woman marches with a pair of dogs .
A woman showing a long haired , large black pedigree dog at a dog show .
A woman shows a dog with very long hair at a dog show .
A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city .
A man jumping on a hill overlooking a town .
A man jumps off a cliff with a city view below .
A man leaping from a rocky hill .
A person jumping off of a high rock .
a boy swinging on a swing .
A boy swings in the air .
A boy wearing an orange shirt is playing on a swing .
A child in an orange shirt swings on a swing .
A child wearing an orange shirt , dark blue denim shorts and sandals rides on a swing .
A bare chested man with a fierce expression on his face squats on a skateboard beside a furry dog .
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
A man on a skateboard is squatting next to a large dog .
A man on a skateboard poses with a dog .
A man wearing no shirt rides a skateboard with a brown dog .
A man in a white hardhat is standing in front of a green truck .
A man wearing a hardhat stands in front of buildings not yet finished being built .
A worker looks off into the distance while a China Shipping crate sits behind him .
Man with hardhat in black jacket stands near a green trailer that says " CHINA SHIPPING " in a construction zone .
The man is standing on the street surounded by buildings .
A dog wearing a collar yawning .
A gray dog is yawning .
A grey dog in a white collar yawning with its eyes closed .
Dog with white collar yawning
The grey dog has its eyes closed .
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a horse .
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse .
A young boy rides a red horse .
a young boy wearing a cowboy hat and riding on a horse
Boy riding a horse .
A brightly colored bird and a small dog .
A colorful bird and a brown and white dog .
A dog looking at a ball that was thrown in the air above him and a colorful parrot standing nearby .
A little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby .
The dog behind the red parrot is looking at the green ball .
A small white dog sits in a field
A white and brown dog sitting in the grass .
A white and brown dog sitting on a grassy , rocky area .
A white dog sits on a rocky lawn .
The white dog is sitting in the grass .
A man in a red baseball cap eats a chip .
a man wearing a red hat has a potato chip in his mouth
A man wearing sunglasses and a red cap putting a chip in his mouth .
A man wearing sunglasses and a red hat is opening his mouth wide and eating a chip .
A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth .
A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance .
A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right .
A group of people wait behind a metal fence .
A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area .
A group of spectators enjoying an event .
A boy in a white shirt is looking through the glass at a little creature .
A child looks at rodents in a glass display .
A young boy looks through the glass at an aquarium at a stingray .
A young child is kneeling and looking at a small creature inside a glass case .
The little boy bends down to look at an animal .
A black dog chasing a red ball through the water .
A black dog makes a huge splash for a red ball .
A black dog splashing into the water to retrieve a red ball .
A dog makes a large splash in the water while chasing a red ball .
Dog splashing in water toward a red ball .
A man in a blue and fuchsia sweater holds his hands as if to catch something while standing in a crowd of people .
A man in a crowd extends his hands emphatically
A man in a crowd is expressing his opinion .
A man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly .
A man raises his hands from within a crowd of people .
A man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store .
A man in the store has purchased something and the cashier is handing him his bag .
A man is standing in the checkout line at a store .
a tattooed man is making a purchase in a music store .
Man standing at a check-out counter .
A guy talks and does something with his hand while others sit near him .
a young blond man sitting at a table with a brick wall in the background
A young man lights a lighter while another looks on .
Two guys at a bar one dark skinned and one light skinned .
Two men are sitting next to each other near to a vending machine .
A biker in red rides in the countryside .
A biker on a dirt path .
A person rides a bike off the top of a hill and is airborne .
A person riding a bmx bike on a dirt course .
The person on the bicycle is wearing red .
A man and young girl and standing under a large redwood tree .
A man hugging a boy in a tunnel , made in the trunk of a tree .
An older boy with his arm around a younger kid under a sequoia tree .
Two boys stand in a cutting underneath a giant tree .
Two kids stand under an area carved in a large tree .
A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt .
A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling .
A man with disheveled hair and facial hair in a crowd of people is smiling .
A man with poofy gray hair laughing
An old man with white long hair and a white long beard .
An attractive woman holds a halo above her head .
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head .
A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat .
A woman looking up towards a wide ring , she is holding over her head , a drink in her other hand .
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head .
Dogs race each other on a muddy track .
Greyhounds race on a track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
Race dogs midair while they run .
Several dogs running a race on a dirt track while wearing numbers .
Two boys dressed in white capes running on a path in a field .
Two children wearing white capes are running through a cleared out path in a field .
Two children wearing white capes walk along a beaten path .
Two little boys in capes walking on a path .
Two young children are walking down a dirt path with capes on .
a boy in a red top is hanging upside down from a tree .
a child in a red shirt hangs upside down from a tree branch
A child wearing a red sweatshirt is hanging upside down from a tree .
A child wearing a red top and shorts , hangs upside down from a tree branch .
A kid hanging upside down from a tree
A boarded-up painted white brick building with a man standing in front .
A man poses in front of a run down house
An older looking man with glasses and a white mustache is in front of an abandon building .
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building .
An old man stands in front of a rundown building .
A guy on a log .
A man sitting on an old piece of wood outside .
A man wearing a large backpack is sitting in the grass near a lake .
A man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river .
Man kneeling while petting large bird in front of river .
A collie and a black dog with a stick in the water .
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .
A tan dog and a black dog with stick in mouth walking in water .
The black dog win the fetching contest as it returns from the water
Two dogs in water with one retrieving a stick
A boy in a pool tilts his head back .
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up .
A closeup of a young dark-haired boy swimming in a pool of water .
A smiling boy floats in a pool .
Boy peeking up from blue water .
A big brown dog swims towards the camera .
Brown dog treads through water .
Closeup image of a dog swimming .
The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean .
Wet brown dog swims towards camera .
A blonde girl in a red shirt holding her necklace .
A girl plays with her necklace at night .
A girl wearing a red shirt is pulling on the necklace she is wearing .
Girl in red shirt holding her necklace in a large crowd .
The young lady with the red shirt is in front of the crowd .
A little girl jumps into the arms of her mother , standing in a pool .
a woman catches a young boy jumping into the pool .
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool .
The lady catches the toddler in the pool .
While others watch , a young girl jumps into a pool as a woman reaches for her .
A child with her head in a cut out of a cow .
A girl is poking her head through a cow cutout .
A young boy is sticking his head through a cow face with a hole cut out of it .
A young girl is putting her face in a cow cut-out at a farm .
With a barn in the background a child puts her head through a hole in a cow cutout and smiles for the camera .
A brown dog is fetching a ball .
A dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass .
A large dog chases a ball outdoors .
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
There is a tan dog in the middle of a field , fetching a tennis ball .
A brown dog is running on grass .
A brown dog running across the grass .
A brown dog running in a grass .
A brown dog runs through a field .
A dog bounds across the green grass .
A baby in a blue shirt is in a swing .
A little blonde-headed child sits in the swing above the lush green grass .
A young girl plays on a swing
A young person wearing shorts and a blue top is swinging in a child protector seat .
The little kid is swinging in the backyard .
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .
A German Shepherd bites the arm of a man who has on protective gear .
A man trains an attack dog .
The attack dog is biting the cloth the officer with the police baton is holding on to
A dog is running on the lawn .
A dog running past a garden hose and a stone bench .
A white dog is running past a water hose and a stone bench in a yard .
A yellow dog running at his objective through a grassy area .
The large beige dog is running through the grass .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A black dog jumps over hurdles .
A black , white and brown tri-colored mid-sized dog jumps over a red and white jump in a field with tents and cars nearby .
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .
A climber is standing on rocks overlooking a snowy mountain range .
a lone climber on a snowy moutainside .
A man in a white helmet and dark clothing stands in the snowy mountains .
A man is overlooking a big , snowy mountain .
A man with a white helmet stands on a snowy mountaintop .
A fast running Greyhound during a race .
A greyhound dog is running through a turn on a muddy track .
Racing Greyhound dog wearing number 8 .
The dog with the racing number is in mid-jump
The racing greyhound is running on the racetrack .
An orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake .
Several orange kayakers row in a mountain lake .
Three kayaks are out on the water with a mountain in the background .
Two canoes cross the water , behind them are some houses .
View of a mountain as seen from a kayak .
A blonde boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .
A boy carries a huge snake around his neck outside .
A boy has a large snake wrapped around him .
A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake .
A young boy has a snake draped over his shoulders .
People kayaking in snowy and mountainous region .
Snowy mountains are in the background of three ocean kayakers .
three kayakers are traveling in the water alongside snowcapped mountains .
Three men kayaking with mountains in the background
Three people on red boats paddle through water with mountains in the background .
A boy catcher in a helmet , stretching out his gloved hand for a catch .
A catcher in a red and white uniform plays at a baseball game .
A catcher with a red shirt is standing in the dirt with his glove held out .
A child catcher reaching out his mitt to catch a ball .
The boy is bending down ready to catch the ball .
A couple sits atop a mountain looking down at the scenery .
a couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
A man and a woman in an orange shirt are sitting on a rock and looking at the view of the trees and the hills .
The couple is sitting on a rock overlooking a valley .
Two people sitting on a rock overlooking a forest .
A person with their face covered , standing in a desert .
A woman in a headscarf in the desert
a young child walking in the desert with her head covered with a scarf
A young girl has her face covered with a traditional black scarf .
Girl wearing black headscarf walks in desert .
A girl with dreadlocks standing in a pool
A little girl in a pink bathing suit laughs by a pool .
A small black girl in a bathing suit
A young girl in a pool .
Young african-american girl in a red bathing suit at the edge of the pool .
A brown dog next to a stone bench .
a small dog sits under a bench .
A small dog wearing a collar sits next to a concrete bench .
A tan dog sits in the sand by a beach looking sad .
The small dog is wearing a red collar and sits in the sand behind a stone object .
Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water .
Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond .
Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake .
Two dogs play tug of war with a disc , in knee-high water .
Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water .
A boy climbing a tree .
A child climbs a tree .
A child standing crouched on a tree limb .
a young girl climbs a tree .
A young man is climbing on a low tree branch in a park .
A brown dog swims and carries a brown object .
A dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
A German Shephard carries a small log in the water .
Dog is swimming through water with a piece of wood in its mouth .
German Shepherd retrieving large stick from water
A child flips on a trampoline .
A child jumps upside down on a trampoline .
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .
A girl is upside-down on a trampoline and you can see her navel .
Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words .
Two men stand near a wall that has writing painted on it .
Two young men drink beer , leaning on a graffitied wall .
Two young men in black jackets hanging out by a graffitied wall
Two young men in jeans and dark jackets standing in front of a building .
a little baby skateboarding on a small concrete wall
A little boy skateboards on a cement ramp .
A young child wearing a blue helmet rides a skateboard over a ramp .
A young skateboarder on a ramp .
The little boy in the green jacket is riding a skateboard on a ramp .
A brown dog , on a rocky ground , shakes off water from its body .
A dog shaking off water .
A dog shaking water off .
A golden retriever is shaking off some water
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself
A middle eastern woman wearing a blue headscarf sits next to a boy in blue clothes .
A woman and a boy are both wearing blue traditional Arab clothes
A woman and young man kneel beside a wall while dressed in blue themed clothing .
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall .
A woman wearing a scarf on her head sits next to a young boy wearing blue .
A black dog sits by two bowls near some tile steps .
a black dog sits on the floor .
A dog lies on the steps outside a building .
Two dogs are looking up at a person .
Two dogs look up at a person out of view of the camera .
Two brown dogs playfully chase a red and white soccer ball .
Two dogs are playing with a red and white ball
Two small dogs chasing a red striped ball .
Two small dogs playing in a grassy area with a large white and red striped ball .
Two small dogs playing with a volleyball
A boy sits on a tree stump .
A boy sits on the tall fence post and smiles .
A boy sitting on a stump .
A child sits on top of a large tree stump .
A small boy in sandals sits on a wooden post in a field .
A dark-headed boy is eating a large red Popsicle .
A little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
Dark haired child eating a frozen treat .
Little boy eating a red Popsicle .
The wide eyed little boy is eating a red Popsicle .
A child plays with a toy on a playground .
A small child is wearing a blue outfit with blue shoes .
A toddler plays on a playground .
A young child is playing with a stick at a playground .
There is a toddler playing on a playground .
A brown dog smelling a grey dog 's tail .
Two dogs are smelling each other .
two dogs in the middle of a heavily wooded forest
Two dogs standing in the woods .
two medium size dogs smiff each others behinds .
A little girl in a pink and white ski suit and red helmet skies sideways on the snow covered slope .
Child in pink and white skying down a slope .
Little girl skis on slope .
Person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope .
Young skier in a pink ski-suit is on the side of a snowy hill
A black and white dog bounds through a field .
A black and white dog bounds through tall wheat grass .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A white and black dog leaps through long grass in a field .
The dog is running through a field .
A black and tan Doberman dog is jumping through some water .
A dog jumping through the water at a lake
Black dog with black and tan face running through water .
Doberman leaping through the water .
The doberman pincer is leaping through the water .
A girl in a white dress .
A little girl in white is looking back at the camera while carrying a water grenade .
A smiling young girl in braids is playing ball .
A young girl wearing white looks at the camera as she plays .
The girl is holding a green ball .
an Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street .
A woman wearing black boots and a skirt walks down the sidewalk .
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk .
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .
Girl wearing a mini dress and long sleve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area .
The two small dogs run through the grass .
Two fluffy white dogs running in green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
Two small dogs that look almost identical are playing in the grass .
Two yellow dogs run together in green grass .
Two little boys in tuxedos .
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .
Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step .
Two young boys in suits wrestle .
Well dressed children play on the carpet .
A big brown dog jumps into a swimming pool on the backyard .
A dog in mid-leap into a pool .
Brown dog jumping into the pool
The brown dog is jumping into the crystal-clear pool .
The large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool .
A little girl eating two cookies .
A little girl with blonde hair and blue eyes is eating cookies .
A young girl with blond hair and blue eyes is eating a cookie with one hand while holding another cookie in the other .
Little girl with blue eyes eating cookies .
Young girl with blue eyes eating a cookie .
A border collie jumps over a bed with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
A dog jumps on a bed and catches a green toy .
Border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball .
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A woman is holding a white satchel that is full of dollar bills .
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled " LUCKY " full of bills .
A woman wearing a money themed costume stands on the street .
A woman wearing a suitcase full of money .
A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says " Lucky " that is overflowing with cash .
A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet .
A man wearing a red jacket standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
A girl smiles while riding on the back of a cart in a grocery store .
A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store .
A little girl wearing blue is riding the end of a shopping cart in a grocery store .
A young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store .
Girl with brown hair in a blue shirt and blue and white skirt holding on to a shopping cart in a store .
A blond Caucasian woman in a blue shirt wearing a straw hat .
A long haired woman is wearing a grass cowboy hat and a stripped shirt .
A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat .
A woman wearing a hat .
Woman in a blue and white striped shirt with a straw cowboy hat on .
A blond woman in sunglasses and hat talks on a cellphone .
a lady with a baseball cap on talking on he cellphone
A woman talks on the phone at a stadium .
A young blonde woman wearing a hat and sunglasses talks on her cellphone .
woman with dark glasses and ball cap talking on a cellphone
A toddler is sitting inside a yellow tunnel in the playground .
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground .
Boy in yellow shirt sitting in yellow playground slide
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
The young child prepares to go down the slide .
A boy going down a water slide .
A boy in green trunks slides down a water slide .
A boy slides down an inflatable water slide .
A child reaches the bottom of an inflatable slide .
A young boy smiling as he rides down an inflatable water slide .
A girl in a brown dress is moving through the green grass by a metal fence .
A little girl in a dress jumping in a backyard .
a little girl jumps up in her brown dress .
A woman in a black dress jumps on the grass .
The girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside .
A black and white dog with a red Frisbee standing on a sandy beach .
A dog drops a red disc on a beach .
A dog with a red Frisbee flying in the air .
Dog catching a red Frisbee .
The black dog is dropping a red disc on a beach .
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone .
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone .
A woman taking pictures with her phone .
The girl in sunglasses holds up her phone to take a picture of something .
A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face .
A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table .
a little boy spilled his milk from the green cup .
Small laughing child with blond hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup .
Toddler with milk around his mouth .
A man at the top of rocks , clouds behind .
A man stands on top of a rocky hill .
A man stands on top of a rocky mountain .
A person standing on top of some rocks with the sky behind .
A person stands on a mountaintop .
A boy in an open Hawaiian shirt is making the Longhorns symbol with his hand .
A boy wearing a flowered shirt raises his arm and jumps .
A child in Hawaiian clothing jumps and poses in a low cut yard nearby a fence and building .
A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open .
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air .
A boy hiding behind a tree
A boy in a striped t-shirt is standing by a tree in front of the picnic tables .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
Two boys in a park , one standing near a tree and one sitting at a picnic table with the playground behind them .
A boy is jumping forwards down a water slide .
a boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
A boy on a water slide
A boy wearing a blue swimsuit begins to slide down a water slide .
A person in swim trunks jumping down an inflatable slide
A little blonde toddler is wading in a baby pool .
A young boy in a pool
A young boy playing in a swimming pool
A young boy with blond hair is in a swimming pool .
The little boy is coming out of the water in a swimming pool .
A child puts dirt into his mouth .
A little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt .
A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
A toddler eats dirt .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is putting dirt in his mouth .
A group of girls are waiting outside of a potty-potty .
Six people standing behind a fence .
Six women standing in a field awaiting their turn at a port-a-potty .
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field .
Women standing outside to use the potty .
A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game .
Children are playing leapfrog in front of a fountain
Children playing leapfrog .
Children playing leapfrog beside fountain .
Six children near a water fountain .
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
A little blonde boy jumps from one bed to another .
A small blonde child jumping from one bed to another .
A small boy leaps from one bed to another .
A young blonde boy is jumping from bed to bed .
A woman is clapping her hands while running in front of a running brown dog .
A woman leads a small dog through an agility competition .
The little red dog is running a course in front of blue tents .
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
Woman on grass playing with small dog .
A boy swings a plastic bat .
A little blonde boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat .
A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
A small child swings back a red baseball bat .
A woman in a blue tank top and shorts is jogging down an asphalt road .
A woman jogging up a hill with a scenic view behing her
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road .
Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background .
The woman in the white hat and blue shorts is jogging in the bicycle lane on a mountain road .
A man walking a tightrope , low to the ground , between two trees .
a man walks across the tightrope .
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree .
A young man is walking across a suspended rope at night .
A young man walks a tightrope tied to a tree at night .
a man is talking on a cellphone outside of a bar .
A man standing in front of Dale Jr. posters with red light
A man talks on a cellphone , while standing in front of a Dale Earnhardt , Jr. , display .
Man on the phone in front of a neon sign
The man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store .
A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing .
A greyhound with the number 5 on it is running along a dirt racing track .
A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud .
a muzzled greyhound wearing the number five is running on a dog track .
Dog with muzzle and sweater marked 5 runs on dirt track .
A woman in yellow , jogging .
A woman is jogging on a road by a shoreline , holding an item up in the air .
A woman jogs down the rode near a rocky shore .
A woman passing by the shore .
The woman in the yellow shirt jogged along the coastline .
A girl laying on a sidewalk .
a girl lays on her driveway .
A girl lays on the sidewalk with her arms and face in the grass .
A little girl lays on the sidewalk with her face in the grass .
The little girl is laying on the sidewalk .
A group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines .
A group of children play tambourines .
a group of young children performing song and playing instruments .
Six children in a row with small musical instruments .
Six children playing musical instruments and singing in what appears to be a church .
Two guys are posing next to each other on the steps of a building with traffic behind them .
Two men are sitting on steps in front of a city building .
Two men pose at the bottom of a set of steps in a metropolitain area .
Two men sit together beside stone steps in an urban setting .
Two men sit together on a set of steps outside near a street ,
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool .
A black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool .
A black dog walking beside a pool .
A black poodle walks on the edge of a pool .
A fluffy blank poodle is walking on the edge of a pool .
A boy smiles and swims in blue water .
A boy smiles while he swims .
a boy swims in the pool .
A smiling boy swims , with only his head above the water .
A smiling child swims .
A gas station and a car on fire .
A large explosion occured near a red car at a gas station .
A red car is caught in an explosion .
a red car is leaping through a ball of fire .
Flames at gas pumps engulf a red car .
A man is riding a powered para-glider in the air at sunset .
An individual is floating in the air with a parachute .
A person in the sky connected to a fan .
Parachuter in midair .
Person hang gliding at sunset .
A fan operated vehicle with a yellow parachute is landing .
A flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background .
A man in the air in a four-wheeled cart attached to a parachute with smokestacks on the sun-setting horizon .
Man parasails at night
Person landing a yellow hanglider .
A child and her mother are playing ball in a park .
A little girl with a hat playing ball with her mom .
A young asian girl with a woman plays with a blue ball in a part setting .
A young woman and her daughter play with a blue and white beach ball in the grass .
Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a grey top with blue ball on ground .
Two men are standing on a path in front of a white building .
Two men stand close to each other in front of a building with many balconies .
two men stand in front of a large building .
Two men standing in front of a condominium building with grass and trees around .
Two men stand on a sidewalk in front of a tropical hotel .
A brown dog running
A brown dog running over grass .
A brown dog with its front paws off the ground on a grassy surface near red and purple flowers .
A dog runs across a grassy lawn near some flowers .
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
A kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick .
A man in a purple shirt attempts tricks with a skateboard inside a heavily graffiti painted area .
A man in a purple shirt is skateboarding in a graffiti-heavy area .
A person grinding a ledge on a skateboard .
A person wearing a blue hat rides a skateboard off of a cement bench .
A woman is pointing while others are taking pictures .
A woman points to the left as she and others look that way .
The woman in the black shirt is pointing in front of her with a cement wall in front of her .
They are sitting on the edge of a fountain
Woman pointing while others take pictures of something
A dog chews on a toy on a blue blanket .
A dog is laying on a blue rug , chewing and making a mess .
A gray dog chewing on a toy .
A grey dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something .
The gray , blue eyed hound puppy is laying on a blue carpet chewing on a toy .
A man in sunglasses and a neatly trimmed beard overlooks a woody valley .
a man posing with large grassy mountains off in the distance .
A man wearing sunglasses stands before a forested landscape .
A man with a beard and sunglasses is standing in front of tree-covered hills .
Bearded man with sunglasses in the mountains .
A boy leaping on to a slip and slide with his friends watching in the background .
A boy playing outside on a slip and slide .
A young boy dives onto a water toy .
A young boy leaps onto a water toy while five people look on .
The young boy is enjoying himself playing on the water toys .
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket
A little girl is playing tennis on an outdoor court .
A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket
A young girl is about to attempt to hit a tennis ball .
The tennis player in the red shirt is trying to hit the ball .
A little dog is sitting on a person 's bent leg .
A person stands with a small dog balancing on their leg .
a person with a small dog caught in her legs
A woman carrying a small black dog between her legs .
The person is walking with a small black and white dog .
A man talks on his cellphone while he walks down the street .
A member of the clergy carries a blue bag in his hand and talks on the phone as he walks .
A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone .
Priest in black walking on sidewalk carrying a blue bag and talking on cellphone .
Priest walking with blue bag while talking on cellphone .
A shirtless dark haired boy in gray shorts is running .
a skinny young man running with no shirt on
a small boy in blue shorts running down a sidewalk with flowers in the background
A small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
The boy who is walking is wearing grey shorts and no shirt .
A cowboy covers his head as a jumping horse tramples him .
A man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse
A rider has fallen off a horse and is shielding himself from being trampled
Man with white cowboy hat on the ground behind a brown horse with both front legs off the ground .
Whoa ! The cowboy is underneath the hoofs of the brown horse and is getting stepped on .
a baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings .
A child in a blue scarf and a tan outfit plays with plastic toys on a rug nearby a soft chair .
A toddler in a blue bandanna playing with a set of rings on a stick .
A toddler with a blue scarf wrapped on his head plays with a wooden toy .
The little boy is wearing a blue bandanna .
A kayak on the river is passing by a wire bridge that joins both banks .
Some people ride their kayaks down the river .
two conoes float down the river .
Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain .
Two people rafting down a river , a footbridge in the background .
People are boating near a mountain .
Two people in a canoe are rowing past a large , tree-covered mountain .
Two people in a canoe float past a rocky , wooded cliff .
Two people in a canoe on a river beside a forested mountain .
Two people in a kayak are paddling past green foliage on a river .
A person and a dog run on a paved road near a forest .
A person runs with a dog .
A person jogs down a gravel road after a small dog .
A woman and dog running down an asphalt , tree lined road .
Someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog .
A girl jumps over water at the beach .
a lone person wearing a purple tank top running on the shore at the beach
A woman leaps across the beach .
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach .
Woman on beach , running from water to trees .
A brown dog and a red dog frolicking on the waters edge on the beach .
two brown dogs are running on the beach beside the ocean .
Two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach .
Two brown dogs play on the sand by the water .
Two dogs running down a beach .
A boy is jumping on the grass whist other children are standing around .
A group of children outside a building includes a boy jumping in the grass .
A group of kids are standing outside together .
Some children stand outside a building .
There is a boy in blue shorts and a blue shirt jumping in the grass .
A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people .
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch .
A boy kicks a really large baseball
A kid kicking a large ball while surrounded by other kids .
Children are outside playing with an oversized baseball .
A girl is feeding a camel
A little girl feeds a
A little girl in a purple t-shirt feeds an animal .
A young girl feeding a camel .
The girl is at a petting zoo and feeding a camel .
A baby girl wearing a pink jacket climbs wooden steps .
A small child climbs stairs at a beach .
A small child climbs steps outdoors in a grassy area .
A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors .
A small child in a pink sweater begins to climb a concrete staircase .
A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool .
A child is splashed by water in an indoor swimming pool .
A little boy is jumping out of the pool .
A redheaded boy has just come up from under the water in a pool .
A young boy playing in a swimming pool .
two girls are standing in front of a car that is advertising Red Bull .
Two ladies pose in front of the Red Bull Energy Drink vehicle .
Two women posing next to the Redbull car .
Two women standing beside a silver and blue car with a Redbull logo and a giant Redbull can on it .
Two young women stand by a Red Bull car .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
A soldier is looking out of a window .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
A crowd begins to march in a small downtown setting .
a group of people holding signs and marching through the streets .
A group of people with signs and banners walking down the street
a protest march is crossing the intersection of two streets near to a building with red awnings .
Many people hold signs and march down the street .
A float representing the times of hanging is shown in the back of a truck .
A man in a judge costume stand on a red truck and hangs a dummy .
Man dressed as a judge pretending to hang another man on top of a truck .
Three people in costumes stand on the back of a pickup truck .
Three people stand on the back of a truck .
A dog chasing a ball indoors .
A small dog catches a tennis ball indoors .
A small dog chasing a ball .
The little white and brown dog has his mouth wide open while trying to catch something .
The small dog is baring his teeth and chasing an object .
A boy in shorts stands , arms outstreched , on a roadway .
A child cavorts on the road .
A child in white shorts and a blue shirt is standing in the street .
a young boy wearing a hat dancing in the street
Small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street .
A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium .
A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats .
A man wearing a green numbered shirt is sitting in a stadium .
A photo of an arena with very few people in the stands .
Man with SANTANA 57 shirt sits in sparsely occupied seating area .
A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down .
A baseball player runs on the field .
A boy at bat playing a baseball game falls to the ground while onlookers watch .
A child in a uniform is falling to the ground with a bat in his or her hand .
This baseball player , dressed in red and white uniform and holding a bat , is falling after being hit by a pitch .
A close-up shot of a long haired man playing a red electric guitar .
A man rocks out onstage with his guitar .
A man with long blonde hair playing a red guitar
Man with long blond hair playing red electric guitar .
Person with blonde flyaway hair playing guitar
A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
A girl riding in a toy car with a man behind her
A man pushes a child in a blue car while another child looks on .
The little girl is driving the small blue car .
Two small children play with a toy riding car in the street with a grown up .
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth .
A dog in a harness holds a stick in his mouth while standing in the water .
A dog retrieves a stick from a body of water .
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth as it comes out of the water .
The white dog is standing in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A man doing a karate kick on a block of ice .
A man karate kicks a stack of ice bricks .
A martial artist breaks a brick .
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
The man breaking the ice with his foot stands on a blue mat .
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose .
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard .
A person lays in the grass .
A person lies in a grassy area near a building .
one man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees .
A black and white dog chasing a tan and white dog across a path .
A dog runs behind another at a park .
two dogs are running across a grassy path .
Two dogs are running quickly through a park .
Two dogs run through the park .
There are two women tanning in bikinis .
Two people sunbathe beside water .
Two women are laying on a concrete structure beside the ocean .
Two women sunbathe by the water .
Two women sunbathe on a concrete terrace .
A man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing .
A man hanging just above the ground .
A man is holding onto handles in the air .
A man is in the desert a few feet off the ground holding onto strings of a parachute .
A parachuting man gets ready to land .
A man bracing himself against the pull of a large kite .
a man holds his parachute .
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert .
The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze .
The man slides in the sand while holding on to his hang glider .
A girl begins to wade through deep grass that covers a stone structure on a coastline .
A girl is walking on a sandy path .
A small girl playing in a park .
A young girl in a white cap is walking through an area with trees .
A young girl with a read shirt and a white hat playing among the foliage .
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire , a boy in a parka watches .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
A person holds a frying pan over an open fire as a child watches .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
The man in the yellow jacket is cooking over an open fire as the little boy watches .
A girl in pink pants running , an ornate Spanish ruin in the background .
The girl dressed in purple walks through the alley , followed by a girl in pink .
Two children within the ruins of a building .
Two girls , one running away from the wall .
Two little girls play around an old abandoned building .
a brown dog nursing
A dog breastfeeding .
A mother dog giving her puppy some milk .
A puppy is nursing from its mother .
A young puppy suckles from his mother .
A dog leaps on the beach .
A playful dog is jumping on the sand .
Brown dog is leaping up into the air .
The collared dog is jumping into the air .
There is a brown dog leaping on the beach .
a closeup picture of a girl with long black hair and one hand raised in the air .
A lady with dark hair dressed in red clothing with left arm in the air .
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised .
A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd .
a woman raises her hand .
A child is holding a colorful object and overlooking a crowd of people while sitting on the shoulders of an older person .
A girl in a blue sweater sits on a person 's shoulders and carries a pinwheel .
A girls in a blue shirt holds a flower while sitting on a man 's shoulders .
A young oriential girl is standing above the crowd playing with a pinwheel
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair .
A child in an orange shirt with a book .
A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine .
A young boy is holding a book .
The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
There is a child wearing an orange shirt and hold an orange book .
A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water .
A baby crawls on hardwood floors towards a water bottle .
A baby on a wood floor with a water bottle
An infant is crawling on a wood floor , with a water bottle laying nearby .
A young baby crawls across the wood floor towards the water bottle .
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill .
A small child crawling on a windowsill .
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows .
The little boy crawls around next to the large glass windows .
This picture shows a boy in a blue shirt leaning his head against a window with lots of beautiful clowds outside .
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard .
A lime green VW bug .
Cars and people gathered in a city mall area .
In this plaza , we see a green VW beetle , a white sports coupe and many people looking at the autos .
The courtyard of a South American city with a crowd and vintage cars .
A group of children climbing on a statue of a bear .
Four children playing on a sculpture of a bear .
Four kids are climbing on a fake black bear .
Four young children playing on a stone bear with people in the background .
Several children climbing on a bear statue .
A child in a blue shirt sitting on a forest floor , looking through binoculars .
A child sits in the woods looking up with binoculars .
A girl sitting on the ground in the forest looking through binoculars .
A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars .
The woman with binoculars is sitting on the forest floor looking up .
A little girl in a bathing suit leaps up in the water .
A little girl wearing a black tankini is jumping in the air with water in the background .
A young girl in a swimming suit jumps into a body of water .
A young girl jumping out of the water
The girl in the bathing suit is poised in midair next to the blue water .
a black puppy jumping on the back of a white puppy
A black dog and a white dog wrestle .
A black dog and a white dog wrestling next to a food dish .
A black puppy stands over a white puppy .
A small black dog is standing over a small white dog laying on his side .
A climber walks along a snowy peak .
A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore .
A man is standing on a snowcapped mountain .
A person hikes down a snowy mountain .
There man on top of an snow covered mountain with a lake behind him .
Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field .
Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball .
Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball .
Three dogs play with a ball on a field .
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball .
A boy smiles at the camera .
A little boy is smiling and playing in a playground .
A little boy playing on the monkey bars .
A young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars .
A young boy smiles as he hangs onto bars at the playground .
Three children run by the water .
Three children running down a sidewalk next to a river .
Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other .
Three children run on the walkway by the river .
Three kids , one holding a closed umbrella , run around on a sidewalk next to a river .
A black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow .
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings .
A dog runs past an empty chair and a tripod , between stretched strings , marking a path through a grassy field .
A dog with all fours up in the air above the clover-filled grass .
The gray dog is running on a green field .
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth .
A dog holds an orange rag in his mouth while running .
A dog running with a red item in its mouth .
Black dog running through grass with something orange in its mouth
On garden lawn , black dog is retriving an object .
A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play .
Children playing in a green and blue bounce house .
Children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air .
Four children are playing on a bouncy castle .
The little kids all play and jump around inside the inflatable toy .
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach .
two boys playing in dirty water
Two children are playing in deep muddy water .
Two children are rolling in muddy water .
Two muddy boys swim .
A man and woman relaxing in shallow water near a waterfall .
a man and woman sit in the creek .
A woman in a bikini sits in shallow water with a man sitting next to her .
The man and woman are sitting in the water .
Two people sit in a shallow river near the rocks .
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass .
A black dog is running through a field of grass and dandilions .
A black Greyhound running in an open field .
A dog runs through a field .
A very thin , black dog running in a field .
A boy eating at a table .
A young boy in pajamas eats out of a red bowl at a wood table .
a young boy making a big mess on the floor and table while eating cereal
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around .
The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating .
A man in sunglasses sits on rocks .
A man sitting in clear shallow water beside a large rock face .
A person is sitting in a shallow lagoon .
Man with sunglasses sitting in shallow water .
The man with the white t-shirt is sitting in a stream looking at a rock .
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater .
A teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on .
A woman stands in front of a mountain in the winter .
A young woman is outside in the snow wearing a hat .
The girl stands outside in the cold wearing a warm hat and looking off into the distance .
A woman is sitting in a chair near a brick building .
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house .
The elderly African woman is sitting on a blue chair in front of a rough brick wall .
This woman is sitting in a lawnchair on the sand .
Woman in grey shirt and dark skirt sitting in blue chair with white stars in front of a brick wall .
An aged woman is looking into the camera while the inside of her hut is shown .
An elderly woman is looking at the camera .
an older woman smiling in a small room .
An old person stands in a third world kitchen .
A older person stands near a clay bench and looks into the camera .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt spins on a merry-go-round at a park .
A young girl at a playground
A young girl on a blue and yellow merry-go-round , with a blurry background .
Children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park .
two young girls wearing pink shirts ridding on a merry-go-round at a park
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race .
Three dogs racing on racetrack
Three dogs running on a racing track .
Three greyhounds racing on a track
Three racing dogs with masks on their mouths .
A man in a kilt follows a girl and another man in a kilt and holds a girl wearing silver shoes .
Group of people walking around outdoors , one girl is being carried .
One woman is being carried behind three people who are walking on path .
People walking on a sidewalk , with one carrying a female .
These people are walking away from the camera , while one person carries another .
A brown and white dog is jumping a red and yellow pole .
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
A dog in a swimming pool swims toward sombody we cannot see .
A dog swims in a pool near a person .
Small dog is paddling through the water in a pool .
The small brown and white dog is in the pool .
A black dog barking .
A black dog has its mouth open while leaning to the side .
A black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn .
a black dog is running with its mouth open across a grassy field .
The dog ran in the field .
A small kid is about to kick a soccer ball while two other kids are chasing him .
Boys in uniform behind a ball .
Boys playing soccer .
Three boys ( one in red , two in blue , play soccer .
Three young boys are playing soccer on the grass .
A photographer is holding his camera next to an orange barrier beside water .
A photographer is kneeling in front of a railing that is protects falling into water .
A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera .
A smiling photographer
The crouching man is holding a large camera .
A man in a blue shirt and beard looks at something that he is holding .
A man with a bread looking at his camera .
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .
An old man adjusts his camera .
An old man is examining his camera while a younger man is singing nearby .
A black dog running towards a camera .
A black dog runs along the grass .
A black dog runs on the grass near to a brown and white dog .
a black dog runs through the dry grass .
Two dogs , one coming toward the camera while one walks in the background .
A girl in a purple tutu dances in the yard .
A little girl in a puffy purple skirt dances in a park .
A young girl twirls her fluffy purple skirt .
Little girl is spinning around on the grass in a flowing purple skirt .
The little girl has a purple dress on .
A black dog is standing with his legs spread wide apart on some sand
A dog plays on a beach .
A dog plays on the beach .
An aggressive dog .
The black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach .
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
A boy pushes another boy on a swing set .
A child pushes another that is sitting in a swing near playground equipment .
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing .
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground .
A man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football .
A man with no shirt on is holding a football .
A shirtless man catches a football
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn .
a young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football .
A black and white dog is bounding down white steps .
A black and white dog is running down some white steps .
A small dog jumping some hurdles .
A tri-colored dog is jumping over obstacles .
Dog sits on hurdles .
A man in black shorts is stretching out his leg .
A man practicing a high kick on the cement near the grass .
A young , fit man wearing short does a high right kick in the air .
A young man practices a martial art kicking skill in front of his home in the early morning .
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
A couple in black clothes are walking towards a white gate .
A man and a woman dressed in black walk towards a gate near a wooded area .
A man and a woman walk away with their arms around each other .
Man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other .
Two people dressed in black are leaving .
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
A baby playing in the dirt with a bucket and shovel .
A blonde baby playing in the sand .
A toddler in a diaper is playing in a sandbox near a shovel and other sand toys .
The cute baby in a diaper and shirt plays in the dirt .
A clown in an orange shirt entertains a crowd .
A girl in a orange shirt and a stripe tie
A girl in orange shirt and clown makeup stands in a park while others look on .
The woman dressed as a clown is performing outside for others .
The young lady appears to be a mime among her peers .
A fat guy in pink , drinking beer .
A large person in shorts and a white shirt sitting at a table .
An overweight person drinking .
A person sits at a table outside drinking beer .
A person wearing a white tank top sits at a table with a beer .
A female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair .
A girl with a newspaper in a cafe .
A happy woman wearing a black tank top is sitting in a wicker chair .
A woman in a black shirt is sitting on her feet in a wooden chair .
A woman sitting in a chair and smiling at the camera .
a small dog jumps over a jump .
A small white dog is jumping over a green and red obstacle bar .
A white dog runs through an obstacle course .
The white dog is jumping over hurdles .
the white dog is leaping over a red and green fence on an obstacle course .
A gray-haired , shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavendar umbrella on the side of a street .
A man leaning against a wall with an umbrella .
A woman that appears to be homeless sits on a Winnie the Pooh table cover on the side of a street .
The man is sitting outside on the street under a purple umbrella .
The person is sitting on a Winnie the pooh sheet and holding a purple umbrella .
A boy on a bicycle rides the ledge of water fountain while another boy is in the fountain .
A man on a bike tries to do a trick on the railing of an outdoor fountain .
a man wearing a blue shirt and hat jumping on one wheel on a fountain ledge
A young man on a bike balances one wheel on the edge of a fountain in a city park .
The guy on his bike does a jump near a water fountain .
A man in sunglasses gets ready to pull a chair out to sit down for his meal .
A man wearing sunglasses stands by a table at a cafe .
Man about to pull out chair and sit down at a restaurant .
Man at eatery getting ready to sit down .
The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant .
A female with glasses , a brown shirt , and a backpack .
A happy bespectacled young white girl in a brown t-shirt and a backpack
A woman wearing a brown shirt and glasses smiles for the camera .
There is a young girl with glasses and disheveled hair with a green backpack .
Young lady with brown shirt , glasses , and a backpack .
a family crossing a bridge
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area .
People with strollers walking on a bridge .
The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed .
Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down .
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow .
Two white dogs are running alongside one another in snowy grass .
Two white dogs running in the snow .
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow .
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone .
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street
A woman wearing a black shirt walks among a crowd in a city .
Brunette woman in black walking through blurred crowd .
Lady walking and squinting from the sun in a large group of people .
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool .
A dog is hosed as it jumps into a kiddie pool .
A terrier is sprayed by a hose while jumping in a pool .
A white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool .
While one white dog is outside the pool , another white dog with a black spot on its back is jumping into a plastic swimming pool while getting sprayed by a garden hose .
Acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators .
a midget jumps over another midget .
Two men in bowler hats and Union Jack underwear perform acrobatics .
Two men scantily clad performing acrobatic moves in front of a crowd
Two men wearing red and blue trunks and bowler hats are performing in a crowded street .
A girl and young boy are jumping on a trampoline in a suburban yard .
A girl is jumping on a trampoline with her arms in the air , while a boy in a blue shirt is bouncing on his stomach .
A teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach .
A toddler and a teenage girl jumping on a trampoline .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
A girl with Indian clothing on and henna on her hand goes through paperwork .
A woman wearing jewelry holds a piece of paper and looks down .
A woman wears a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry .
The lady in the multi-colored shirt has a necklace on a white object in her hand .
The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand .
a girl wearing a short skirt looking at a rack of magazines on the sidewalk .
A woman in a jeans skirt and t-shirt looking at a magazine display on the street .
The woman is browsing the magazine stand .
The woman stands looking at rows of magazines .
Woman with black t-shirt and denim skirt looks at magazines on display .
A monk in a red shawl looks at the camera
A monk walks down a city street .
A older man in a orange wrap looks into the camera on the sidewalk of a city .
Older Asian man , wearing orange robes in urban area .
Old monk in orange with tattoos on his chest standing on a city street .
little girls in swimsuits are laughing
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body .
A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside .
The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon .
The girl is twirling long , colorful streamers .
Young girl playing with streamers .
A young boy plays in the water fountain .
a young boy running through a water fountain
Two boys are playing in a sprinkler .
Two boys play in a park fountain .
Two children run through a sprinkler .
a boy in an inflatable pool is being splashed with water .
A little boy is splashing in an inflatable pool .
A little boy splashing in a blue inflatable pool .
A small child is being splashed by water from an inflatable pool .
The boy splashed the water .
A baby with a pacifier saying I love you in sign language .
A little boy has a pacifier in his mouth and throwing up a sign with his hand .
A little boy is standing in front of an old fashioned fence with his hand up in the air .
A little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air .
A small child is giving heavy metal signs
Four boys mug for the camera in front of a brick wall .
Four boys pose for the camera .
Four boys posing for a picture with pumped fists
Four boys stand together with their arms bended to show their strength .
Four young boys flexing for the camera .
A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel .
A white dog runs out of a long blue tube outside .
A white dog runs through a large blue tube .
The small white dog is coming out of a blue tunnel .
The white dog emerges from the tunnel on the course .
A black dog lays next to a ball .
A black dog sitting in brown grass with a colorful ball .
A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball .
A doberman mix takes a break in the hay from playing with his ball .
The dog rests after playing catch .
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A child with a water noodle .
A little boy wearing blue shorts is holding a yellow noodle over a pool .
a boy and girl riding a roller coaster
Children on a ride at an amusement park .
The children are smiling whist sitting on a fairground ride .
Two children swing around on a carnival ride .
two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
A group of hip young people walk down the street in a residential neighborhood .
four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background
Four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside .
Four teenagers in Gothic clothes are walking in a neighborhood .
Two girls and two guys walking down the street .
An athlete performs the high jump .
A woman athlete launching herself over the bar during a pole vault .
A woman is black is pole vaulting .
A woman pole vaulter upside down as she attempts the vault .
a woman with her feet in the air about to do pole vaulting
A man and two children in a boat on the water .
A man and two children in life jackets in a boat on a lake .
A man paddling a rowboat , with two children in back .
Man and two kids on a boat on the lake .
Two children wearing life jackets face an older male while he paddles the canoe they are sitting in .
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella .
a group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing .
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella .
A group of young adult women in bikinis sit in a field of wild grass and flowers , some under a striped umbrella .
A group of young woman sunbathing is meadow .
Two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk .
Two woman with white purses walk down the city street .
Two women in skirts walk down a city street .
Two women walking on the sidewalk .
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk .
A woman in a black dress crouching in front of a brick wall talking on a cellphone .
A woman in all black crouches against a wall while making a phone call .
A woman on the phone next to a brick wall .
The woman crouches against a brick wall , speaking on her cellphone .
Woman talking on pink cellphone in front of a brick wall .
A man in sunglasses is writing on a pad with his bike leaned up against him .
A man is sitting outside writing something on a pad of paper .
A man next to a plastic crate and a bicycle , writes on a board .
A man whose clothes are covered in paint is writing something down while sitting outside in a busy area .
A man writes a note while sitting next to a crate and a bike .
A bearded man with a Mohawk and skull bandanna .
A man with a hankerchief on his next and pierced ears looks off into the distance .
a man with a pierced ear is wearing a black shirt .
A man with a pompadour haircut and beard wearing a bandanna around his neck .
The man has a black and white scarf around his neck .
A couple are holding hands next to a very large mirror outdoors .
A couple stands in the street with their backs to a large mirror .
a girl wearing a red shirt holding the hand of a man near a street .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside .
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror .
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
A dog jumping over high jump poles at show .
A dog jumps over an obstacle outside .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
A small dog leaps a barrier .
A dog completing a fitness excercise
A dog is performing act at dog show .
A hairy dog tries to follow its owner around an obstacle course .
A shaggy , brown dog is doing an obstacle .
Dog passes through obstacles .
A girl stands on a surfboard which a man is standing behind and holding .
a little girl learns to surf with an instructor .
A man helps a girl get up on a turquoise surfboard .
A young girl riding a surfboard .
Two people on a surfboard in the water
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A dog with its mouth open is walking on a path on a garden which is next to a lake or a stream .
A pitbull is returning a stick during a game of fetch .
a pitbull playing with a stick
Brown dog running through a field with a stick in its mouth .
A bird is splashing in the water next to the swimming dog wearing the blue collar .
a dog chases a bird in the water .
A dog swims in a body of water while , slightly ahead , a black duck takes flight .
Dog and bird together in water .
The retriever is swimming out to the goose who is about to get away .
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .
An ice skating park in winter , with many people .
An outdoor ice skating rink full of people .
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
People using an outdoor ice skating rink .
A man is skating on a rail .
A person wearing Rollerblades slides along a handrail .
A rollerblader grinding a rail and grabbing one foot .
A rollerblader grinds across a rail .
Boy in black shirt on one foot standing on metal rail above green grass on right and black pavement on left .
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera .
A dog lies on the ground .
A dog rolls on the ground .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
A man and woman , on a park trail , pose in front of a lake and distant mountain .
A man and woman posing for a picture on a mountain hike .
A man holds his arms open wide while standing with a woman .
A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park .
A man in jeans is standing in front of a reception desk .
A man wearing a shirt that says " Gigolo " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
A man wearing a t-shirt that says " Gigolo " stands at the counter talking to someone .
A young man in a " GIGOLO " shirt at a reception desk .
Man wearing Gigolo shirt gets assistance at front desk .
A girl enjoys the swimming pool .
A young girl in an orange bathing suit is about to splash into a pool .
A young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool .
Girl in orange suit swims in pool .
The girl is swimming in the pool .
A black and white dog is running through shallow water .
A black and white dog runs through the water .
Black and white dog running through water .
The black and white dog is running through the water .
This dog is running through water on a beach .
A man in a black and white jersey is leaping to get a ball from a player in a blue and yellow jersey .
People playing a sport with a referee looking on .
The men are jumping in the air .
Three rugby players trying to catch the ball
Two men are jumping into the air to catch the football .
five men play football .
Five young men playing rugby .
The player wearing the black and white jersey jumps for the ball amidst two players from the other team as his two teammates run to help him .
The three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball .
Three rugby players all trying to catch a ball .
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain .
A woman in a red vest jogs down the street in a heavy rain .
A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain .
A woman wearing a red vest runs a race through the rain .
Woman jogging in the rain .
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .
two adults sit on a bench .
Two guys sit by some flowers and water .
Two people on a bench .
Two people sit on a bench at a park .
A bare chested man with a Mohawk , beard and glasses .
A large man with a Mohawk and two nipple rings .
An older man with his nipples peirced stands shirtless .
A tanned man with dark glasses on , punk style hair and tattoos on arms and chest .
The man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses .
A boy wearing a red t-shirt is running through woodland .
A child runs near some trees .
A young boy is dancing around .
A young boy with a red short sleeved shirt and jeans runs by some trees .
The little boy in the red shirt stops to smile for the camera .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open .
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass .
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
A brown and white dog running on grass .
a brown and white pitbull running in the grass with its mouth open .
A black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water .
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water .
A black dog running through water .
A black dog wading through water .
The dog is running in the surf .
A group of soccer players after a ball .
A soccer game between the red team and the blue team .
A soccer game is in progress .
Soccer game with teams in red and blue .
two teams of soccer players playing a game on a field
A guy skateboarding on a basketball court
A man jumps in the air while performing a stunt on his skateboard .
a skateboarder ollies .
Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
The guy in gray pants is completing a jump on his skateboard .
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake , whilst a horse and rider passes behind .
A brown and white dog and a black dog near water with a man on horseback in the background
Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback .
Two dogs are playing near water next to a deflated basketball .
Two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water , a deflated basketball and a person on a horse .
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground .
A black dog walking in dirt has a soccer ball in his mouth .
A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area .
Black dog holding an old soccer ball in its mouth
The black dog is walking through the dirt with a soccer ball in its mouth .
A boy plays in the ocean with a boogie board .
An excited boy playing in the surf with a body board .
A smiling young boy wearing a bathing suit is holding a surfboard and laying down in the ocean water .
A young boy holds his boogie board in shallow ocean water .
A young boy with a blue body board .
A boy is wading through water .
A boy up to his knees in water .
a boy wearing white shorts , walks through the water .
A young boy with white swim trunks walks out of the water .
The boy is wading through the blue ocean .
A band is playing music underneath a white canopy .
A band performs at on an outdoor stage .
A band performs onstage .
Band performs at outdoor event .
People gather to hear musicians play various instruments upon a stage .
A beagle is climbing through some grey stairs .
A dog attempts to squeeze between two gray steps .
A dog sticking his head out from under some grey stairs .
Dog crawling in between steps from behind the steps
Dog hiding under the stairs .
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area .
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground .
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
Two dogs are biting each other in the woods .
A run way model removes a tan coat to show off a fancy dress .
A woman taking off a large cloak revealing a extravagant dress
a woman wearing a black , red , white and pink dress
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her .
Woman in black , red and white dress waving a gold cape
Little boy skating in roller rink , two little girls in background .
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink .
Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy , boy is wearing orange wheeled skates .
three young people skating in a skating rink
Two girls and a boy rollerskating .
A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man .
A man and a dog are in a pool together .
A man and dog are splashing in a swimming pool .
A man is standing in the pool behind the dog that is swimming .
a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .
A black dog follows a group of sheep walking in a field of grass .
a black sheepdog is guiding sheep along a grassy path .
A dog chasing sheep down a county road
A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path .
Black dog following a herd of sheep down a grassy lane .
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
A girl whipping water from her hair in a lake
A woman in a river is shaking her hair causing a water to spray everywhere .
A woman splashes in the water .
A black and white dog in a blue harness running through a grassy field .
A black and white dog runs through grass .
A black and white dog with a blue collar walks through the grass .
A black and white dog with a blue halter runs through the grass .
A black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass .
Four boys hold toy guns while under a pavillion .
Three boys on a platform in the forest .
Three boys play with toy guns .
Three children are shooting guns in the woods .
Three children play in an outside wood structure .
A few men sit outside of an area with an open gate eat their lunches .
A group of people sit on the ground , backs to a wall , outside a gated compound .
Several men sit outside a building .
Three men are sitting near an orange building with blue trim .
Three men sitting behind a building .
An older girl and a younger girl playing barefoot in a puddle
Two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes .
Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water .
Two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk .
Two girls walking on a wet sidewalk
A child and floor covered in white powder .
A little boy is in the corner covered in a white powder that is all over him and the floor .
A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
A young child covered with white powder .
A beige dog runs through the tall grass with a tree in the background .
A big tan dog runs on a field filled with grass and weeds .
A dog is running through tall grass .
A dog running through tall grass .
A dog with blond hair and floppy ears running in a field .
A dog with a blue ball running in a field .
a small tan dog running on the grass with a ball in his mouth
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
The dog is running with a colorful ball .
A group of men in an art gallery .
A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it .
Group of men sitting and standing in an art gallery .
People are hanging out in an art gallery .
some people are sitting and others are standing next to a false wall in an art gallery .
Two boys wearing brown shirts tug at a rope on a wooden platform .
Two boys with red hair and glasses stand on a table and fight .
Two redheaded boys in brown shirts stand on a table and are fighting with sticks .
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks .
Two twin pre-teen boys dueling with sticks
A brown butterfly perched on a girl 's hand
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand .
A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand .
A girl in a yellow , blue and green tie dyed hat has a strange looking critter on her hand .
A little grey dog is jumping over a fence .
A little grey dog jumps over a small hurdle .
A little grey dog jumps over a bar at an agility test .
A small dog jumping an obstacle in a grassy field .
A small dog jumping over an obstacle .
a lone man climbing high on a snowy mountain .
A man is standing on top of a glacier .
A man standing on a mountainside in snow .
A mountain climber posing in the snow .
A person walking up a snow covered mountain on a bright day .
A man on horseback on a grassy field in front of mountains .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
A person riding a horse with a mountain range in the far background .
A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
Distant horse rider on plain in the middle of brown mountains .
A group of bicyclists in a race .
A group of people in a bicycle race .
A group of people ride bicycles around a curve on a racetrack .
Group of cyclists in riding gear with helmets .
Men race on bicycles on track .
A girl in all blue slides down a green slide .
A kid is sliding down a green slide .
Little girl with pigtails sliding down a green slide .
The young girl enjoys the slide .
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide .
two brown dogs one with a stick in its mouth
Two dogs are running side by side through long grass .
Two large black and brown dogs run through the tall grass .
Two large dogs bound through a field .
Two tall black dogs run through tall grass .
A blonde woman wearing a hat .
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag .
A woman wears a black hat with an american flag on it and looks at the camera scarily .
The blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap .
The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it .
A girl in a blue swimsuit walks into the ocean .
A woman running into surf .
A woman walking into the waves .
Girl is wading through the gray ocean .
woman in blue bathing suit going into the water
A dog catches a Frisbee at a baseball field during a game .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee , while many people watch .
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on .
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players .
Woman and dog do Frisbee tricks as crowd watches in baseball stadium .
A male wearing a blue shirt is holding a cup in hand while staring at the camera .
A man in a short Mohawk and beard .
A man with a Mohawk and a shirt saying " -ependent " faces the camera
A man with a Mohawk is holding a cup .
A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera .
A group of dogs walk around outdoors .
Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path , with two brown ones in the lead .
Several dogs are running outside , with two vehicles in the background .
Several dogs are running through the dirt .
Two puppies jump from a concrete slab onto the grass .
Snow dogs howling .
These dogs appear to be howling , outdoors in the snow .
Three barking , howling dogs
Three dogs standing in the snow with two of the dogs with open mouths .
two husky dogs are howling together
A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A brown dog is catching a Frisbee in midair .
A brown dog jumped into the air and caught a Frisbee .
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth .
The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee .
A man is squirting water into a white dog 's mouth with a squirt gun .
A man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog .
A young man squirts water from a water gun into a dog 's mouth .
Man squirts water gun in dogs mouth
The young man with the water gun is shooting water into the white dogs mouth .
A black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background .
A dog 's speed is measured by a man while the dog runs .
A small white and black dog is running through a blue netted course while people watch .
A wet dog flies through the air while an amazed woman and boy look on .
two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone .
A chubby Asian boy is wearing glasses .
A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look .
A serious looking boy with glasses and a blue shirt poses .
Child with black glasses and a blue polo shirt .
There is a child with glasses and tan skin staring at the camera .
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
A group of people gather on a basketball court as one person jumps for the ball .
Basketball players jumping up for the ball during a game .
Girls are playing basketball .
two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside .
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .
A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean .
A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water .
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean .
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
Three people scuba dive under the sea .
Two individuals underwater scuba diving .
Two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles .
Two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean .
Two scuba divers are diving underwater .
A man in cold-weather gear holding a large camera .
A man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera .
A man with a camera .
A man with a lot of camera gear stands in front of a mountain scene .
A photographer is standing on a mountain with gear in hand .
A car splashes through mud and leaves on the forest floor .
A four wheel drive car is splashing through puddles on an off road trail .
A large van drives down a counry road in the fall .
Large SUV driving through a large puddle in the forest .
SUV splashing muddy water in a forest .
A boy does a skateboard trick off a metal plank .
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard .
Skateboarder on a rail .
Skater does a trick on a rail .
A blonde woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails .
A woman in black jeans sits on the railing of a bridge with a harbor in the background .
A young woman sitting on a ledge with a black purse looking at her finger nails .
girl sitting on wall looking at her nails
The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge .
An Asian girl wearing a very colorful dress is carrying a plastic cup .
An asian woman drinking from a plastic mug .
A woman in a multi-colored dress is holding a plastic cup while gesturing with the other hand .
A young woman wearing a dress makes an awkward hand sign .
The woman is holding a mug , and has sunglasses on the top of her head .
children playing around a streetpole
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street .
Four children playing around a pole .
Four children running around a pole with red and white strips on top .
Little kids play a game of running around a pole .
A black and white dog is playing with a ball that has a tear in it .
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
A black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field .
A black and white dog plays with a tattered volleyball in a brown field .
Dog playing with ball in dried up field
A little white dog running through the sand .
A West Highland Terrier runs across the dirt .
A white dog running on sand .
A white dog runs on the beach .
A white dog runs on the sand .
a large man dozes off on the bus .
A man with a black shirt that says " Genetic Freak " is sleeping on a bus .
Man wearing hat and t-shirt with " Genetic Freak " sleeping on public transportation .
The heavy man is sitting on a bus and sleeping .
Three people , one wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap , are seated on a bus .
Two bulldogs playing on the floor .
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other .
Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch .
Two dogs playing on carpet .
two dogs wrestle .
dogs playing
A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout .
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth .
Two dogs are nuzzling each other nose to nose .
Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet .
A boy jumping over some water .
A boy wearing swimming trunks jumps over some sprinkler water in a backyard .
A little boy in glasses jumps into a spray of water .
a young boy jumping through a mist of water .
Young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler .
A group of women walk down a street at night .
Three women out for the evening in a big city .
Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street .
Two women walk down a city street at night .
Women are walking at night under neon lights .
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
A man wearing reflective sunglasses in a crowd .
A man wearing reflective sunglasses offers a big smile showing all his teeth !
A man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly .
Smiling man with reflective classes .
A boy is trying to blow a huge bubble using a giant metal ring .
A man blowing a large bubble .
a red haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble
The boy wearing a blue shirt is blowing a huge bubble .
Young man in blue shirt peering through a large bubble .
A girl jumps from an orange raft into a lake .
a girl jumps off of a raft .
Girl jumping into water from a raft .
Girl jumping off a raft into a lake .
The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake .
A man carrying a bag passes by two telephone booths .
A man carrying an orange bag walks past two British style telephone boxes .
A man walks by a red telephone booth that says , " ring ring " .
A man walks by red telephone booths .
An older man with a shopping bag walks by two red telephone booths .
A collie jumps over a hurdle .
A dog in a competition jumps over a hurdle .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a barrier .
A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead .
A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses .
A child with a Mohawk is wearing dark sunglasses .
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up .
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus .
A man and a woman in white shirts and dark glasses smiling .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera .
A woman and a man are standing in front of bushes wearing sunglasses .
Man and woman wearing sunglasses posing for picture .
The man and the woman pose for a picture by some bushes .
The two boys play in the field .
Two boys and a cart .
Two boys happily pull cart .
Two boys pulling a wagon .
Two smiling boys walk in a grassy field with a small trailer behind them .
A brown and white dog relaxes on a carpet in sunlight .
A brown dog resting on a red , white , and blue afghan rug .
A German short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window .
A small brown and white dog lines on a red area rug in a patch of sunlight .
Window shades cast light and shadow on a dog lying on a colorful carpet .
The black dogs try to wrestle the dog away from each other .
There are two blog dogs playing tug-o-war outside .
Two black dogs playing tug-of-war .
Two dogs playfully fight over a ball outside .
Two large , black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball .
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting .
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard .
A little boy is leaping in the air onto a water slide .
A young boy plays outside on a sunny day on his slip and slide .
The boy in the swimming trunks is playing in the yard .
A child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler .
A child plays in backyard sprinklers .
A child seen from the waist down in a bathing suit standing on a slip and slide with jets of water shooting up
A kid standing in a sprinkler .
Child standing on yellow sprinkler mat with water spraying .
A dog runs uphill towards the camera in near a fenced area .
A large , white dog running up a hill with a person walking away in the back .
A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away .
Beige dog running toward camera on brown ground and a man in the background moving away from camera .
While the man walks along the fence , a dog is running towards the tree .
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch .
Cows and people running down street
Hundreds of people watch as people partake in the bull-run .
The bulls are chasing the runners .
The bulls are coming down the street with people to the right of them and a building behind them .
a brunette girl wearing sunglasses and a yellow shirt
A girl in sunglasses smiles .
A girl wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses smiles .
a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera .
A woman with a yellow shirt wears sunglasses and smiles .
A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle .
a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie .
A person in a specialized suit rides a motorcycle .
Motorcyclist performing while two men watch .
The rider is driving their motorcycle .
A man in a black and white uniform stands on a motorbike doing a stunt .
A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike .
A motorcycle rider starts to sand up on the seat of his white motorcycle .
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and putting their feet on the seat .
This person is doing a stunt on a motorcycle .
A black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons .
A brown dog has a blue and white ribbon pinned to him , and teal and yellow ribbons behind him .
A brown dog poses with ribbons .
A dog wearing a blue ribbon sits in front of a fireplace that displays more ribbons .
a small brown dog standing in front of a fireplace surrounded by awards .
A little girl laughs while playing in a play house .
A little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set .
a small girl playing in a little tikes' playground set .
A smiling little blonde girl holds stands in a play structure and holds a green toy .
A young girl smiling in a plastic play structure .
A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock .
A man sits on a rock cliff with trees in the background .
A man sitting on a huge rock to pose for a picture .
A man sitting on a rock near trees .
Man in shorts in sitting up on a rock posing for the camera .
A lady holds a beverage .
An attractive brunette woman smiles and holds a beverage in front of her .
A woman holding a drink and smiling .
A woman holds a drink and smiles .
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup .
a man in a white shirt is climbing a wall while another man watches
A man looks up at the camera as he climbs a rock and others look on .
A man scales a steep rock face as people look on from below .
A man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch .
The man with the two small bandages on his middle finger is climbing a rock .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
The large brown dog is chasing after the little brown dog .
Two brown dogs run through the grass together .
two dogs play in the grass .
A group of girls on a beach .
There are three women with cameras talking on the beach .
Three people standing on a beach talking with cameras
Three woman stand on a beach below with their shadows long behind them .
Three women on the beach .
Two blonde women are wearing white I love beer shirts .
Two blond haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk outside .
Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left .
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
A brown dog and a black dog are playing tug of war with a toy .
A large brown dog is playing tug-of-war with a large black dog .
The brown dog and the black dog with green harnesses are in the sand .
Two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug of war .
Two dogs play with a toy .
A girl in a bathing suit plays on the surf .
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf .
A girl is in the surf .
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
This girl , dressed in a bikini , is leaving the water .
A blonde-haired girl wears a tank-top that says " Thank You " and sports a large tattoo .
A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .
A blond woman with a tattoo on her arm stands near a wall .
Girl in black t-shirt looks on
The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm .
The two children are on an amusement park ride .
The young boy in the orange shirt is sticking his tongue out while riding a ride .
Two boys enjoy a ride at an amusement park .
Two little boys playing a game , one with his mouth wide open .
Two little boys ride in a fairground ride .
A group of girls are smiling while posing for a picture .
A group of smiling women .
A group of women hugging each other
A group of women pose for a picture as a man plays guitar behind them .
Many women sitting happily together smiling at the camera .
A dog catching a biscuit in its mouth .
A white dog catching a milkbone in his mouth
A white dog catching a treat in his mouth .
A white dog is jumping for a treat
A white dog , with a black collar , opens its mouth wide while in front of a white building .
A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket .
An elderly lady in sunglasses and a denim jacket .
an elderly woman wearing a denim jacket and sunglasses is posing for a picture in front of a green bush .
An older woman with gray hair wears sunglasses , a necklace , earrings , and blue shirt and jacket .
An old woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket smiles for the camera .
A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar .
A boy in a blue shirt is jumping backwards over a horizontal pool .
A child hanging upside down from a metal bar outside .
A young boy swinging upside down from a bar .
The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .
A black and a brown dog running in the grass .
A black dog and a brown dog are running towards camera .
Two dogs are chasing each other on green grass .
Two dogs run around in a field playing .
Two dogs running .
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore .
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore .
Two boys play with two dogs next to the ocean .
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Three people are talking in front of an airport
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
Three people talking on a city street .
Three young adults talk in a crowd of people , the woman looks upset .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street ,
A girl with a blue Mohawk is walking .
A woman with a blue Mohawk holds a child 's hand while waiting to cross the street .
A woman with a blue Mohawk holding the hand of a little boy with a green striped shirt on a street corner .
A woman with a blue Mohawk is walking with a small child .
A young woman with a blue Mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler 's hand who is looking to the left .
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide .
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
A little girl lands at the bottom of a slide .
A young girl reaches the bottom of a slide .
a young girl sliding down a tan plastic slide
Three boys leaping into a swimming pool .
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool .
Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together .
Three young boys hold hands as they jump into the blue pool .
Three young boys in blue swimming trunks hold hands and jump into an inground pool .
A black and white dog is running in the grass .
A black and white dog running away across the grass .
A black and white shorthair dog runs across brown and green grass .
A dog sprints across a grassy field .
The brown and white dog is running through a field .
A boy held by a man points his arm towards the sky , as another boy peers through his hands into the air .
A boy in a blue and white shirt is pointing up and a second boy in a white shirt shields his eyes .
a man holding a young boy on his shoulder .
One child is pointing to the sky and another is trying to block the sun to look
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air .
A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football .
The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .
Two football players playing football before a huge crowd .
Two football players run into each other .
Two men vie for a football .
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence .
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
A girl in a red sundress rides a bike past a white picket fence .
A girl wearing pink rides a yellow bike near a white fence .
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large , fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field .
A young boy climbing a tree in grassy hills .
A woman and child with an umbrella walk through the street in the pouring rain .
a woman in a colorful sari walks with a small boy who is carrying an umbrella through a busy city in the pouring rain .
A woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street
A woman walking in the rain with a child .
The lady and child walk to school in the rain .
A baseball player , a woman with Frisbees , and a dog in front of blue bleachers .
A blonde haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
A woman thows a Frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her .
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
A brown and white dog stands on his hind leg and barks .
A brown dog on his hind legs in the shadow of some trees .
A dog jumps in the woods .
A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches .
A white dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in the woods .
a black dog enjoys and ice cream cone .
A black dog has an ice cream cone in its mouth .
Black dog sitting while eating with neon yellow band around shoulders .
The black dog is wearing a lime green collar .
The furry black dog is wearing a neon yellow collar .
A boy looks suspiciously at someone nearby .
A group of people sit on pavement wearing dark shoes and warm clothes .
A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row .
A row of people sitting on the ground wearing matching heeled boots .
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk .
A child gets squirted while squirting a water gun .
A child with a squirt gun .
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water .
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water .
There is a kid spraying a water gun .
A tan dog and larger white dog run along the grass .
Two big dogs , brown and tan , are running in grass .
Two dogs running on grass
Two golden retreiver dogs are running on the grass .
Two large dogs running in some grass .
A baseball player is tagged out sliding into second base .
A baseball player slides toward a base .
a man in a grey uniform sliding into a base
Three men playing baseball .
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
The girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves .
Two blonde women are smiling while one is holding a camera to capture their image .
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
Two young girls are taking a picture of themselves with a camera .
Four children playing basketball .
Four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors .
Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach .
Kids playing basketball on a wood deck .
Young children shoot baskets in the field .
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park .
A girl is taking a picture of another girl in a park .
A woman takes a picture of another in purple in a park .
one girl taking a picture of her friend
Two little girls playing in the parking lot .
A man in sunglasses and a hat is seen among a crowd .
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat near a crowd .
a man wears sunglasses and a hat .
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses .
A dog climbing a steep dirt hill .
A dog climbs a hill .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
A light brown dog is running up .
A light dog climbing a wall of dirt .
A group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track .
Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead .
Race dogs run around a curve .
The horses are racing along the dirt track .
Three muzzled greyhounds race around a turn in a track .
A man racing an orange motorcycle .
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle .
A motorcyclist races around a track .
An orange and white motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement .
A girl with blond hair offers a dimpled smile from under her black umbrella .
A lady posing while holding an umbrella .
A young blonde woman in black smiles under her black umbrella .
Blond woman with a black shirt is holding a black umbrella over her head .
The blonde haired woman is holding a black umbrella .
a chubby puppy dog with its tail cut off plays with a bag .
A dog wrestles with a plastic bag .
A small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk .
A white dog is playing with a plastic bag .
Small puppy stands on top of plastic bag .
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam .
The dog is jumping over a low yellow bar with other obstacles nearby .
The dog leaps across the yellow board .
The small furry dog is jumping over a low beam .
The terrier is performing a jump in an agility test .
A group of friends posing together in a park .
A group of people posing for a picture on the grass .
A group of people posing for a picture with the sun behind them .
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field
Young people pose for their picture in the countryside .
A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass .
A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth .
A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .
A child is looking through the glass at the child squirting a water hose onto the glass .
A little boy spays a hose at his brother who is on the other side of a window .
One child sprays a water hose at another who is inside behind a glass window .
One little boy is standing inside a house on one side of a window while another boy is outside squirting the window with a hose .
Dogs racing around a curve in the track .
greyhound dogs are running towards camera on a track .
Several horses are running a race on a muddy track .
Two muzzled greyhounds vie for the lead .
Two racing dogs round a turn in a dog track .
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them .
A man in a blue shirt reads a paper behind a broken seat .
A man reads quietly alone in room .
Man in a blue shirt with hand on forehead behind two cushions .
Man looking over paperwork with a broken couch in front .
A boat with people and their belongings is in the water .
A brown boat is packed with goods and people .
A large group of people and possessions packed into a small boat .
A lot of men and motorcycles float on a canoe .
People are riding in a boat with oars .
A cyclist donning blue and white is leading a pack of cyclists .
A large column of bicyclists is cycling down a road .
A pack of bicycle road racers lean through a curve .
A pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race .
Cyclists competing in a race are coming around a bend in the road .
Four dogs splashing in the water
Three brown and black dogs are splashing in the water .
Three brown dogs are in the water .
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea .
Three dogs playing in water .
A man and a woman in a brown room posing for the camera .
A man in a striped shirt hugging a blond short-haired woman with a black apron on .
A man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron .
A man is standing next to a woman , with his arm around her waist .
A man with glasses is standing next to a woman with blonde hair .
a dog chasing a Frisbee into the water
A dog holding a Frisbee walking in the water .
A dog is running through the water with an orange object in its mouth .
a dog playing in the water
Dog running on water with a Frisbee in its mouth .
An african american woman with 2 young girls .
A woman in a bathing suit poses with two little girls .
A woman in a swimming suit holds her two young daughters .
A woman and two little girls wearing swimsuits .
The woman in the swimming suit is holding up two young girls in swimming suits
A boy in a tank top skateboarding .
A boy skateboards down the street .
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street
A man wearing shorts and a tank top riding a skateboard .
a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt
A blond girl standing in a crowd holding a goat on a leash .
A girl holding a sheep by the leash in a busy fair setting
A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep .
A little girl is in a crowd of people holding a rope attached to a sheep .
The young girl is holding a yellow leash attached to a sheep .
A baby boy has spread food all over his arms , face and plate .
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .
A baby makes a big mess with cake .
A very messy baby eating a cake .
A young boy with blue eyes is covered in blue cake .
Children playing outside in a fountain .
Two boys in underwear play in the water in the city street .
Two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers .
Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza .
Two young boys play in the water that has collected on the street .
A child leans over a vat .
A child playing with water in a children 's discovery museum .
A child plays in a multi-colored fountain .
A little child playing in water with a hose .
A young child is playing in a water tank with toys .
Boys with their backs against an incoming wave .
Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .
Four people sitting in the path of a wave .
Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave .
three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave
A girl is playing on a homemade swing that hangs from a tree over water .
A girl is sitting on a crudely made swing above the water .
A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing .
A girl swinging from a tree on a rope over crashing waves .
A girl swings on a tree over breaking waves .
A girl in a yellow shirt plays in the water .
A girl wearing a yellow dress is playing in water while others are watching .
A little girl dressed in yellow splashes in a shallow pool .
a little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park
Young girl in wading pool with onlooker in red shirt and backpack standing on the side
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a business building .
Skateboarder on the gray steps on a large building
Skateboarders do tricks on steps outside of building .
Two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building .
Two kids are skateboarding .
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
A person hanging from a parachute makes a splash as their body hits the water .
A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
The parasailer is skipping across the water .
A dog wearing a muzzle is racing around a corner .
A dog with his eyes bulging out runs in front of another running dog .
There are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track .
The two greyhounds are racing around a corner .
Two horses are neck to neck at a race .
a brown dog chewing at his own tail
a brown dog is rolling around on the grass .
A dog biting at its own rear .
A dog rolls in the grass .
Dog rolling on the ground .
A black and tan dog plays with a stuffed toy .
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal .
A doberman jumping in the air playing with a toy
A dog playing with its toy .
Black dog playing with a white and blue toy .
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .
A man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers .
A man drives a vehicle with a child on his lap .
Man and little boy driving a large brown SUV .
There is a man with a small boy on his lap sitting in the drivers seat of a jeep .
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city .
A police officer directs traffic on a city street .
People in the middle of city street surrounded by large buildings .
The man in the purple shirt is walking towards the policeman who is standing on the pedestrian crossing .
A bald man in a blue polo shirt stands next to a brick building .
a man in a blue shirt standing in front of a building
A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
A nearly bald man in a blue shirt and dark glasses waits on the lawn by an empty street .
Man in blue shirt standing on the sidewalk .
A bald man demonstarting how high his brown and black dog can jump .
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it .
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog .
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick .
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
a man and boy sit in the driver seat .
A man holds a child on his lap while driving a truck .
A man sits with a little boy in the drivers seat of a jeep .
A young boy sits on the lap of a man behind the wheel of a vehicle .
The boy is sitting in the lap of the car 's driver and helping to steer .
A baby dressed in blue , with a watch .
A baby wearing a watch .
a baby with a wristwatch is curious about something
A child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch .
A young child in a blue outfit plays with a watch he is wearing .
A little girl in a red dress and white hat holding two ZARA blue bags .
A little girl in a red dress is carrying shopping bags .
A little girl is carrying two shopping bags from Zara .
A toddler in a red dress carries two Zara shopping bags .
A young girl is carrying two large black shopping bags .
Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard .
Two men sit on benches on opposite sides near a billboard .
Two men sit on opposite sides of an advertisement in a bus shelter .
two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop
Two people wait at an enclosed bus stop on a bench with advertisement present .
A casual family stroll by the water .
A man , woman , and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea .
Child , man , and woman walking near the water .
The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water
Two adults and a small girl walk along an ocean boardwalk .
A couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio .
A couple sit on a patio overlooking the ocean .
Couple sitting on chairs by a stone wall overlooking the ocean .
Two adults sitting in chairs overlooking the ocean
Two people sit on a well kept stone path that overlooks a large body of water .
A man sits in a camping chair near the edge of a rock face over a body of water .
a man sits in a chair while holding a large pole .
A man sits on a folding chair on big block of ice , holding on to a rope .
Man sits on chair near edge of cliff fishing
The man hold a pole in the air , while sitting close to the cliffs edge .
A family in colorful clothing walking in the snow .
A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow .
A middle eastern family is walking
five people walk through the snow wearing exotic clothes .
Three women dressed in colorful clothes and head coverings and a man and boy are walking in the snow .
A girl in black sitting on a man 's lap on a subway .
A girl sitting on a man 's lap on a passenger train
A man and woman sit together on public transportation .
A woman is sitting on a man 's lap on a public transportation system .
A woman with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a black tank top sitting on the lap of a man with camo shorts and a white shirt on a subway .
A couple kisses at a concert .
A man and a woman kissing while at a show .
A man and woman kiss on a dance-floor while a band plays
A man kissing a woman in a crowd .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
A man and woman walking down the street .
A woman and man carrying bags walking along a road with others in the background .
There are two girls in the foreground of a group of people and they are both carrying shoulder book bags .
Two firends are at an outdoor concert , and one is searching for something in her blue bag .
Two flamboyantly dressed people at a walk featuring hundreds of people .
a man leans against a tree with a beer in hand .
A man stands against a tree while holding a drink .
A young man drinks near a tree .
A young man stands against a tree drinking from a cup .
The man is holding a drink at an event .
A brown dog jumps in the sand .
A brown skinny dog is jumping over a tuft of grass on a dirt pathway .
A dog is jumping over a bush on the beach .
A dog jumps on a sandy embankment near another dog .
The yellow dog kicks up sand as it jumps .
A boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below .
A man in red swim trunks is in midair above the people in the water below .
A man wearing orange swim trunks in jumping from a high rock into the water .
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake .
A brown , tan , and white dog and a black and white dog are playing with a tennis ball on a house deck .
A dog jumps to try to catch a yellow tennis ball on a patio .
Two dogs playing with a tennis ball
Two dogs play with a green ball on a wooden deck .
two fluffy dogs jumping to catch a tennis ball .
A man in blue clothing sorts through the contents of a plastic bag .
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag .
a woman bends down to reach in a plastic bag .
The man in the blue jacket is reaching into a white bag .
The man in the blue jacket is rummaging through a white plastic bag at the roadside .
A woman smiles in front of an ocean view .
A woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling .
a young woman posing in front of a beautiful beach scene .
The woman in glasses is smiling with the ocean in the background
Woman standing on a hill in front of the ocean .
A little boy at the steering wheel of a vehicle .
a small baby sitting in a car behind the steering wheel
A young boy pretends to drive the car , with his hand on the horn .
Little boy sits in car 's driver 's seat , grabbing the steering wheel .
This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car .
a brown and white dog jumping on a sandy beach
A brown and white dog moving forward with two forelegs in the air and two hind legs on the ground .
A dog takes off running on the sand .
dog running on two legs
The white dog is running on the sand in front of fallen bushes .
A little girl in a pink shirt sticks out her tongue .
A young girl showing her purple tongue
A young girl sticking out her tongue .
broken image
Young blonde girl displays a colored tongue .
A greyhound racing .
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
Sand is kicked up as two animals run .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
a bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
A cyclist is performing a jump whilst other cyclists stand by and watch .
A guy is doing a trick on a bike .
Someone on a bike is performing an aerial trick while other bikers watch .
The trick bicyclist gets airborne off the ramp .
A woman in a swimsuit is standing on top of the cliff taking a photograph of the man carrying the backpack .
A woman takes a picture of a man on the edge of a cliff .
The couple takes a hike along the bluff .
Two people are standing on a cliff in the summer .
two people on the top of a cliff
A big black dog with fluffy fur runs in the surf of a rocky shore .
A black dog jumps through the water .
A black dog splashes in the water .
The black dog is in the water on the shore .
The black dog is running through the water .
a boy does a gymnastic trick under a tree .
A boy does a toe touch in front of a tree .
A boy in brown nearly touches his feet with his hands in the air .
A boy leaping to perform a toe-touch in front of a tree .
A young man is jumping up into the air and touching his toes .
A climber on some rocks .
A man climbing the rocky face of a mountain .
A man rock climbing .
A shirtless person with jeans is climbing a rocky mountainside .
Extreme rock wall climbing
A child plays outdoors , near a group of people who are mostly seated .
A little blond boy is running around in the grass behind a row of benches
A little boy is running towards a group of people .
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage .
A small child wearing blue smiles as he stands behind a group of people .
A child attempts to enter a house through the doggy door .
a child 's legs while squeezing through a dog door .
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
A child wearing pink soled sneakers is climbing headfirst through a window .
A kid climbs through a small door .
A boy in a red shirt and white shorts is standing in the sand .
A boy runs along a beach while a group of young girls watch .
a boy sprints across the sand .
A boy wearing a red shirt is running through the sand .
The blonde girl is watching the boy run barefoot on the ground .
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park
A girl with blonde hair is jumping off a tire swing
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building .
The little girl a striped shirt jumped out of a swing .
Young girl jumping off a swing .
A dog is on a leash by a tree
A dog on a leash defecating on grass
A dog on a leash near a tree .
A white and brown dog is pooping whist attached to leash by a tree .
A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside .
A man in a yellow jacket standing on a rock in front of mountains .
A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area .
A man on top of a high mountain
A man standing on the ledge of a mountain with mountains a blue skies in the background .
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain .
A boy in goggles plays in a pool .
a boy jumps into a pool .
A boy makes a splash as he leaps into the swimming pool .
A boy wearing goggles jumps into a blue swimming pool .
Boy swimming in blue pool .
A man walking while holding a hat on a stick .
An Asian man balancing a hat on a stick
A person holds a very small umbrella .
Older man holds a baseball hat above his head with a pole .
The man in the glasses holds something on a stick .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags .
Bald , older man sits in gray stone area with bags , clapping hands .
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb .
Man with grey beard sitting on the sidewalk with bags on either side of him .
a dog plays with his toy .
A dog runs in the grss with a green toy in its mouth .
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
The big dog has a green toy in its mouth .
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
A girl is cold after coming out of the pool and is covered by a towel .
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool .
a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel .
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
A woman wearing a red and black outfit standing in front of a building playing a violin .
A woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in front of a brick building .
A woman wearing red playing a violin on a sidewalk .
Girl in red , with striped tights , playing violin outside of building .
The girl in red and black is holding a violin and bow .
A pack of black dogs running in grass .
Five black dogs run in a field .
Five black dogs running across the grass .
Many black dogs run in a grassy area .
The black dogs are running in a grassy field
A dog goes headfirst into the long grass from the sand .
A dog is digging in the sand beneath some grass .
A light brown dog is poking his head into brush .
A tan dog digging a hole at the edge of the sand .
A yellow dog digs in the sand near grass .
A couple strolls down a path near benches and water .
A man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water .
A man and woman walk up a sidewalk away from the water .
a young couple walking on the sidewalk away from the beach .
The man with no shirt and flip flops looks at the women in white shorts .
A bike rider is doing a stunt on a bicycle over a forest .
A man doing a bicycle trick .
A man is attempting a stunt with a bicycle .
a man is performing an aerial jump on a bicycle in front of a mountain covered with pine trees .
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position .
A brown and white dog wearing a red harness is running through a dry field , ears flapping .
A dog bounds across the brown grass .
A dog runs in a field of brown grass .
A dog with floppy ears runs in a dry field .
A longeared dog running in the grass .
A bikers flips upside down .
A man does a flip trick on his bicycle .
A man is doing a back flip off a ramp on a mountain bike in the wild .
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle .
A man performs a back flip on his bmx bicycle .
A baby in a green bag peeks out .
A child is mostly hidden in a green shopping bag .
A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out .
Infant peers from a lime-green shopping bag
Little baby is peeking out of a green grocery bag .
A man with a many colored Mohawk smiling .
A man with a piercing and a rainbow colored Mohawk is looking off camera .
A person with a colorful Mohawk and tank top smiling .
A smiling person with a brightly colored Mohawk hairstyle .
A woman with a multicolored Mohawk , earring and grey tank top is smiling .
A dog is running away with a sandal in its mouth .
A large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal .
a large white puddle running along with a pink flip flop in its mouth
A white dog carries a pink flip-flop through the green yard .
Large white poodle carrying a pink flip flop outside .
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet .
Two girls hold up another girl and smile for the camera .
Two girls hold up their younger sister .
Two girls lift a third girl .
Two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors .
A brown and black dog by a tree
A brown , black , and white dog barking up a tree .
A dog is perched up against a tree looking at the top .
A dog looking up a tree with his tongue hanging out .
A dog with its tongue out is trying to look up the tree .
A blond child is drinking from a garden hose .
A boy drinks from the water hose .
A child with a water house to his mouth .
a little boy drinks water from the green hose .
Young boy blows into a hose while sitting on the deck .
A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the waves .
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave .
A surfer in a black wetsuit surfs on a medium wave .
a surfer surfs a huge wave .
A boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head .
A little boy with frizzy hair on a slide
A young boy in an orange shirt has wild hair after sliding down a slide .
A young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide .
Two children playing with fireworks in shallow water
Two children wearing glow necklaces play with sparklers while standing in water .
Two men are playing with glow sticks and sparklers .
Two men play with fireworks on the beach .
Two people are standing in shallow water , waving sparklers around
A man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field .
A person jumping a 4-wheel off road vehicle .
A person riding a yellow ATV over tall grass .
A yellow ATV is airborne in field of long grass .
The person with a helmet is doing a jumping trick on a 4-wheeler .
A black and white dog is staring at two brown lambs .
A cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo .
a man in a pink shirt herding goats in a ring
A man uses two sticks to control two tan goats in a pen while a black and white dog watches .
The dog is herding sheep into a pen .
A man , feet fastened to a board and holding a tow-rope becomes airborne over the water .
A man water boarding .
A man waterskis .
A wakeboarder is doing a jumping trick in the water .
A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a pink rope .
a boy runs along the street .
A child running on the sidewalk .
a young boy running in a street race
A young boy runs in a race .
Blond child running in a race .
A big dog is biting a smaller dog on the leg
A dog bites the tail of another dog .
A large brown dog sniffs a small white dog 's behind .
a large brown dog trying to catch a small white puppy from behind
The large brown dog is sniffing a small white dog .
A black dog is in a dog race .
A black greyhound , with a green and white jersey ( # 7 ) is running on a track .
A black greyhound with the number seven is in the middle of a race .
A race dog with the number seven runs fast on a dog track .
Black greyhound dog racing down a track .
A girl and her child walking next to a mountain .
A woman is hiking towards an orange colored rock face .
A woman with a baby in a backpack , standing in a canyon .
The girl with a baby on her back stand and look at the tall mountain
Woman walking on a dirt path near a large copper boulder .
A man in blue and red face paint poses for a picture with a woman .
A woman is being held by a man with black and red paint on his face .
A young woman poses with a man in face paint .
two adults hug each other .
Wearing identical necklaces , a woman and a man with a painted face embrace .
Boys running up a stone road towards a brick building .
Four boys run away up an incline .
four children are running up a path towards a red brick building .
Four children run up a small hill .
The four children are running to a brick building .
A girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating .
A woman dressed in black with a hula hoop around her waist performs in front of diners .
A woman in black hula hoops in a park .
Lady in black hoolahoops on the street .
The woman hula hoops down the sidewalk .
People are riding on a ride at a theme park or carnival .
Riders in the log ride throw their arms in the air in enjoyment as they prepare for the watery descent .
Two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park .
Two people raise up their arms in a rollercoaster ride
Water log amusement park ride with people in it at night .
A girl with black gloves is running .
A woman is excersizing outside .
A woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves .
A woman is wearing purple and jogging .
Girl in purple exercises with blurry background .
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall .
A man and a boy posing together behind a fence and a gorgeous waterfall view .
A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background .
an asian father and child stand in front of a large waterfall .
Man and Boy pose for a photo near a waterfall .
A black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs .
A black and brown dog rests on a blue couch .
A black dog looks up with his head on a blue carpeted step .
A black dog stretches his back on the first step of a staircase .
The rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair .
A little boy holds a bat waiting for the pitch on a tiled outdoor area wearing a red shirt , white shorts , and blue flip flops that are too big for him .
A little boy playing baseball outside wearing flip flops .
A little boy preparing to hit a baseball
a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat .
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back .
A woman in pink pants and a black tank top displays the tattoo on her back .
a woman wearing a black tank top revealing a large fairy tattoo .
A woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera .
The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back .
A little boy wearing a yellow tank top is laughing .
Asian little boy with spiky hair and yellow shirt smiles on the beach .
A small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach .
A young Asian boy running on the sand
Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach .
A couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building .
A couple sitting on a bench in a park
A man and a woman on a bench facing a building with trees along the front of it .
Two people are sitting on a wooden bench by trees in front of a white building .
Two people sit on a park bench admiring the trees and large building they face .
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
A girl wearing a white coat standing in a fountain .
A girl wearing a white coat stands in the middle of sprinklers .
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains .
a woman in a white coat is standing amidst some fountains
A child in a blue shirt and orange swim trunks is underwater .
A child smiling at the camera while swimming underwater .
A child swims underwater in a pool .
A red haired girl in a blue T-shirt is swimming underwater in a pool .
Child dressed in blue is smiling underwater .
A little boy is running on the round playing with a little girl .
a young boy running after a young girl on a beach .
Two boys , one naked , one in a skirt , run on the sand .
Two kids chasing each other in the sand .
Two small children running on a beach .
A boy in a hat on a swing .
A boy rides a swing .
A little boy in blue and wearing a backwards cap is swinging .
A little boy on a swing .
Little boy on swing
a brightly decorated bicycle with cart with people walking around in the background
A street vending machine is parked while people walk by .
A street vendor on the corner of a busy intersection .
People on the city street walk past a puppet theater .
People walk around a mobile puppet theater in a big city .
A greyhound races on the dirt .
A greyhound races through the dirt .
A large brown dog with a muzzle is racing in the mud .
A tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand .
The yellow greyhound runs along the track muzzled .
A guy in black jacket eating .
A man eats a pastry .
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame .
A man in a black jacket is eating a pastry while standing next to two other men .
A man in black is eating a baked good near two elderly men .
Four people stand in front of trees .
Four young adults gathered outdoors
four young people are walking through past trees in a busy park .
In the Fall , college students return to their schools .
Two girls and two boys walking in a park .
A boy with a Mohawk is wearing a navy blue sweatshirt in a crowd of people .
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus .
A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people .
A man with a Mohawk walking on campus .
The man has a Mohawk .
Two children are in tobaggons at the top of a snow covered hill .
Two children go sledding .
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill .
Two children sitting on disks in the snow .
Two children sliding in the snow .
A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside .
A brown dog is running past wooden posts on the beach .
A dog running along the beach .
A tan dog runs along a beach near wood stumps .
The brown dog is running in front of the water and the wooden sticks .
A man in black shirt sits on a stool while trying to sell stuffed animals .
A man is outside selling various toys .
A vendor sells children 's toys as visitors walk by .
A vendor sells inflatable toys and stuffed animals on the sidewalk .
Man sits on stool beside toys .
A woman in brown shorts and green striped shirt stands with a small bag on her back .
a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips .
A woman is wearing a green striped shirt and a brown skirt .
Tattoed women in striped top wearing a backpack .
The woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back .
a balck and tan dog running through the snow .
A dog is running through the snow away from the wire fence .
A dog running through snow .
The dog is running through deep snow .
The dog is running through the snow .
A boy is splashed in the face by a playground toy at a water park .
A young boy at a water park being sprayed in the face by a spigot decorated to look like a seahorse .
A young boy is gettnig splashed in the face by a blue water toy .
The boy is running through the sprinklers .
The little boy is running through the sprinklers .
The three dogs are standing in the sand .
Three small dogs stand in the sand and stare at each other .
Three small dogs , two of which are sniffing noses .
Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach .
Two small dogs facing a third dog .
A girl holds her breath underwater in a pool .
A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool .
A girl underwater in a pool .
A little girl is swimming under the crystal blue water .
A young girl in a swimming pool is coming up for air after being underwater .
A girl and boy wearing swimming goggles have their arms around each other .
A little boy and a little girl wearing goggles pose next to a swimming pool .
The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles .
Two children in goggles standing beside a pool .
Two children with goggles stand before a pool .
A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle .
A motorcyclist is going a very high speeds .
A motorcyclist is speeding on a road .
A person rides a motorcycle quickly .
Motorcycle rider crouches on bike , blurry background .
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
Two mountain climbers stand atop a snowy peak .
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall , snowy mountain .
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .
Two people stand on the top of a snow covered mountain .
A person in a blue kayak is navigating rapids in a river .
A person in a kayak is going over a small waterfall .
A person kayaking down a small waterfall .
A person kayak 's over a waterfall .
The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .
A black dog jumps a horizontal bar in a grassy feild .
A black dog jumps a hurdle in a grassy area .
A black dog jumps over a pole on green grass .
A medium sized black dog jumps over a gate
The black dog is jumping over the white pole in the grass .
a crowd of people walk .
A group of runners carry an injured runner out of a race .
A man being carried by a group of other men , people looking on behind a barrier .
Group carrying injured man as spectators watch from behind fence .
The injured athlete is being carried by several people .
A boy is jumping over shallow water near some large rocks .
A child jumping in the air on the beach .
A child jumps in the air over the watery beach .
A little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean .
A young boy jumps for joy in front of a rock formation .
A black and white dog is swimming .
A dog swims in the water .
A dog swims through deep water .
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water .
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth .
A man and an old woman stand and look at somthing behind the photographer .
A man stands with several people silhouetted against a blue sky
A young man stares into the distance while an older lady looks the other way .
Group of people on a sunny day .
Several people are standing around under a clear blue sky .
A girl , in a green field , plays soccer .
A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass .
A girl prepares to kick a soccer ball while a boy looks on .
A male watches a young female playing soccer .
Two kids playing soccer in a field .
A little boy wearing a red wristband grins as he holds something .
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand .
A young boy smiling with something in his hand
a young man wearing a blue striped shirt standing in front of a floral patterened couch
Near a window and a chair , a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles .
a lone woman wearing a bikini on a beach walking a dog on a leash
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .
A woman in a bikini pulls a dog on a leash at the beach .
A woman is standing at the beach with her dog on a leash
A woman walking a dog on a beach .
A little boy in green goggles and a white life jacket jumps into the water .
A little boy in red shorts jumps into the water .
A person jumps off of a ledge into a body of water .
Boy with life jacket jumping into water
Guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water
a blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers
A girl in pink runs through a sprinkler .
A girl runs through sprinklers on a lawn .
A little girl in pink in running through a sprinkler .
A little girl wearing a pink dress is running across the grass .
A man in a blue jacket bikes down a forest path .
A man rides a bike down a trail in a pine forest .
A person on a bike rides through a wooded area .
Tall trees reach to the horizon as a cyclist navigates the way through the tangled roots .
The biker is riding through the woods .
A boy with an orange shirt lies on a bodyboard in the surf .
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
A young boy rides his boogie-board through the ocean spray .
A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard .
The child is on a boogie board , with waves splashing around .
A man is posing in front of a brick wall that has framed pictures on it .
A man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top .
a middle aged man is standing next to a white wall underneath some catholic theme pictures .
A smiling man in a check shirt stands below a row of religious pictures .
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
A dog racing around a track .
A dog racing on a track .
A greyhound with a muzzle runs on a racetrack .
A muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track .
a muzzled greyhound dog running around a track
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth .
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A boy jumps off a platform whilst two other boys stand and watch .
A child is jumping off a platform into a pool .
Three boys jumping off of a platform .
Three children on diving board , with one jumping off .
Two boys standing on top of a diving platform and one captured midair .
Two elderly females sitting on a white bench amongst trees .
Two elderly women sitting on a white bench .
Two older women sit on a park bench at the park .
Two older women sit on a white bench in a park .
Two senior women sit outside on a bench on a sunny day .
A group of people mill around while a man in a fish costume descends a staircase .
A group of people waiting in line for a game .
An overweight family with sling across bags stand near a group of people .
A woman in a red shirt stands by a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt in front of a stairway .
People walk in a building near a set of stairs .
A brown dog is running though some sand .
A dog is jumping in some sand .
A dog running in the sand , grass in the background .
A dog running through the sand .
A dog runs through sand .
Above view of multiple people skydiving .
A group of people are shown sky-diving as they fall through the sky .
A sky jumper falls toward the sea and the earth .
People are skydiving .
Skydivers in formation .
A girl shakes her hair in a swimming pool .
A person emerges from a pool of water , the water cascading from their hair .
A person is in the water and throwing their hair back .
a woman swinging her head out of the water
Woman 's long wet hair gives off spray in water
A black dog is in midair as a woman behind it cheers .
A black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background .
a black dog running really fast with a blond woman running after him in the background .
A woman in a blue shirt is running behind a black dog .
woman running after dog
A black and white dog is drooling whilst walking on the grass .
A black and white dog is running through grass .
Black and White Dog runs across a lawn while drooling .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
The black and white dog runs through the grass .
A girl jumping from a diving board into a pool
A girl jumping into a swimming pool
A girl jumps off of a diving board into a pool .
A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool .
A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool .
A little girl screams while wearing bows in her hair .
A small girl with colorful barettes in her hair yawns .
A toddler with colorful hairclips yawns at the window .
A young girl with hair ribbons yawning .
Girl screaming with bows in her hair .
A man shows off his tongue ring while posing with a girl .
A man sticks his tongue out at the camera , a woman smirks at it .
Man with a pierced tongue next to a woman .
The man and woman are sitting together and smiling .
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
A man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot at night .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
A man rides his skateboard with his shadow falling on a wall covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder grinding a lip .
A skateboarder is jumping through the air in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall .
A skateboarder performs tricks on a ramp in front of a wall with graffiti .
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
A boy on the beach casts a fishing pole in the water .
A little boy is holding a fishing rod .
A young boy wearing a black hoodie is holding a fishing pole .
A young male holding a fishing pole .
A red boat is paddled down the rapids by two people .
Two canooers paddle through some rapids .
Two people in jackets are rowing a canoe down a river .
Two people rafting down a river near pine trees .
Two people row a boat past rocks in water .
A couple in a red canoe paddle down a rough river lined with trees .
Two paddlers in a red canoe approach a couple of large rocks in the rushing river with conifers in the background .
Two people are in a canoe .
Two people canoeing down a river in a red canoe .
Two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest .
A boy jumps into water fully clothed .
A boy jumps into water while another watches .
A boys jumps in the water while another boy looks on .
A kid jumps over a small waterful while another boy looks on .
Two boys playing in a lake .
A girl in a green bathing suit jumps off a building into a lake .
A girl in a green bathing suit leaping into a lake .
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake .
A woman jumping into a lake
The girl is leaping into the lake .
A pale tan dog with a ball in its mouth waking in grass .
A white dog carries a white ball in its mouth .
A white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence .
The dog is holding a ball in his mouth .
The white dog has a ball in its mouth .
A guy sitting on the side of the road playing an accordion .
A man is playing the accordion in an empty park .
A man sits by a driveway in front of a white building playing an accordion .
A man with an accordion sitting alongside a path .
Older man playing accordion on a street .
A dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam .
A woman and two children talk on a web cam to a man . Looks like a birthday party .
A woman and two little girls celebrate a birthday with a man over a web cam .
A woman sits with two children while a picture of a man is on the computer on the table .
A woman with two children , a cake , and a laptop .
A brown dog being chased in a rural area
A few brown dogs play in some dirt near woods .
a group of dogs running outside down a dirt trail .
The dogs are running outdoors near a wooded area .
Two brown dogs run along a gravel road while another dog watches .
A gray haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign .
An older woman sits under a sign advertising a 3 slice special .
A woman facing down is sitting under an advertisment .
A woman sits underneath a sale sign .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt sits on a wooden bench .
A girl plays in the surf at the beach .
A kid in an ocean rides a wave .
A little girl is jumping into a breaking wave on the beach .
a young man playing in a wave at the beach
This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water .
A man and a woman are staring into the ocean .
A man looking at a woman looking at water .
a young couple staring in front of the ocean .
Two people looking at a rocky view
Two women in coats look out into the surf .
A dachshund returning a tennis ball .
A dog is running through a low-cut field with a ball .
A little brown dog has a ball in its mouth .
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball .
The small brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head .
A man poses outside of some buildings .
A man stands next to signs for the wharfs .
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal .
A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf .
A man and a woman relaxing after a workout
A man and a woman resting after exercise .
A man with his shirt off sweats profusely as he takes a break by a wall .
There is a shirtless man leaning against a wall and a woman in a red shirt with her back to him .
Two people stand against a wall after a workout .
A blond boy with a rubber innertube over his shoulder .
A boy holding a float .
A boy plays with a water tube .
A kid without a shirt uses an innertube for shade .
A young blond boy with long hair with a large innertube drapped around his body
A boy wearing brown shorts pouring water over his head .
A child in a standing in a stream dumps a bucket of water on his or her head .
A person is taking a blue bucket full of water and pouring it over themselves .
A young boy dumping a pail of water over his head .
A young child is standing in a river pouring a large green bucket of water over his head .
A girl in a pink bikini screaming at the end of a water slide emerging into a pool .
A girl laughing on a water slide .
A young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit at the bottom of a water slide .
Child in swimsuit squints and opens mouth as she lands at water slide bottom .
A brown dog has a ball in his mouth while playing in the fence .
A brown dog runs with a toy in his mouth through long green grass .
The brown dog is running through a field , with a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog is running through the dry grass with a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog with pointy ears is holding a ball in its mouth .
A blonde girl climbing on a play set .
A girl playing on a playground
A girl wearing a dress holds on to both rails of the climbing frame .
A young girl hanging from a jungle gym .
Girl in dress hanging on orange rails
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A young girl plays in the sand on a beach .
Child yelling and walking across sand , another figure and ocean in background .
The girl is running on the sand near the beach .
A guy with a backpack on .
A hiker is standing by a mound of rocks on the path .
A man hikes up a rocky hill .
A man with a backpack on a hill next to a rock outcroping .
A man with a backpack stands beside a rock .
A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair .
A person is flipping upside down while attached to some bungee cords .
A person is suspended by wires and poles against a blue sky .
A person wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with cables attached to him .
A shoeless strapped in individual jumping with rubber bands attached is airborne .
A person in a red striped hooded sweatshirt and jeans shorts walking on a grassy hill .
A person wearing a striped shirt is walking on a hill .
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill .
A woman walking across a hill with dark clouds in the background .
One person with a pink and black striped shirt and white shorts walking up a hill .
A black dog emerges from the water onto the sand , holding a white object in its mouth .
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth .
A boy playing on a playground
A boys plays at the playground .
A child in jeans and a t-shirt hangs from monkey-bars at a playground .
African-american boy is playing on playground .
A smiling boy hangs onto a zip-line structure at a playground .
a group of policeman in front of a glass building
A group of policemen are standing outside of a building .
A group of police officers outside a city building .
a group of police officers patroling the streets with a building in the background
Policemen are gathered around a glass building .
A brown and white dog is licking a dog that looks very similar .
A brown and white dog is licking a small brown terrier .
Two blurry dogs .
Two brown and white dogs are standing on a sidewalk .
Two small brown and white dogs stand together .
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is .
a brown dog is sniffing the ground by a cow that is standing behind a wooden fence .
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .
A dog and cow standing at a fence .
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A white dog running from a wooded area .
A white dog running through woods .
A white dog runs toward the camera .
Dog runs through trees toward camera
The white dog looks happy running .
Three black dogs are on a beach .
Three black dogs playing on the beach .
Three black dogs play on sand outside .
three dogs playing on a beach
Three large black dogs are playing on the shore near the ocean .
A group of children carrying poles and swords .
A group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords .
Children group together in front of a crowd , holding long sticks .
Kids standing in a line with family watching in the background
There is a group of 8 young children holding sticks while standing in the grass .
A person with long hair emerging from a pool of water , their hair whipping around , and water cascading from the hair .
A woman is flinging water with her hair .
A woman is throwing her wet hair back creating a pattern with the dripping water .
A woman whips her hair out of the water .
The spray from water ejected by a woman 's hair is reflecting the sunlight .
A boy eats with chopsticks .
A little boy is eating a piece of sushi with his chopsticks .
An Asian boy eats with chopsticks .
A young boy eats food with chopsticks .
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks .
A Budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it .
A dragster is taking off and leaving a huge trail of smoke behind him .
A man is photographing a Budweiser sprint car at a speedway smoking its tires .
Red racing car on track blowing smoke
Smoke is spewing out of the back of a red race car on a racetrack .
A black and white dog jumping for a ball .
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a tennis ball .
A white and black dog is playing with a tennis ball near flowers .
There is a white and black dog jumping off the ground trying to catch a ball .
Two brown dogs race on a track .
Two dogs are racing and have muzzles on their mouths .
two dogs race around the course .
Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground .
Two racing dogs run in the mud .
A boy wearing a white headband is kicking a soccer ball down the field .
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field .
A soccer game is going on at sundown .
A soccer player is kicking a soccer ball .
At dusk , a soccer player kicks the ball off the sidelines .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd .
A man on a bike executes a jump as part of a competition while the crowd watches .
A man rides a yellow bike over a ramp while others watch .
Bike rider jumping obstacles .
Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp
A boy balances on something inflatable
A boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch .
A kid wearing safety gear stands on some material in the water .
Little kids play in the water while their friend poses on top of their raft .
There are two children in the water and one balancing on a float and they are all wearing helmets .
A woman has a finger pointing in her face .
A woman sits at a table near a window , with a plate and glass in front of her .
A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at .
A woman wearing a floral dress sits as a finger is pointed at her .
On the left , a hand points to a surprised looking woman with short hair sitting at a table in front of a window
A black race car spins its tires while smoke comes out .
A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people .
A broken down car during a race
Race car smoking very badly on the racetrack .
Red Bull-branded race car leaves smoke behind it in front of a crowd .
A man in a colorful outfit stands over a trashcan outdoors .
A man in a robe leaning against a trashcan and watching pedestrians .
A man wears a floral bathroom as he stands over a trashcan .
A person wearing clothes with a floral pattern leans on a trashcan cage .
person wearing a flowered robe holding a cup of coffee leaning on trashcan
Two men are standing beside a sign that says " Jesus or hell " .
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box .
Two men are talking on the street ; one is pointing at a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " beneath a red box , and the other is standing there listening .
Two men discuss a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " .
Two men talking by a red box and a poster
A carnival worker surrounded by stuffed animals .
A woman wearing a striped top stands near the stuffed animal prizes .
Lady in a stuffed animal store .
Woman wearing black and white striped shirt standing amongst stuffed animals hanging and on a shelf .
Woman with stuffed animal display .
A blonde-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy .
A little blonde girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house .
A smiling blond girl crawling into a moonwalk .
A young blond girl in a blue bouncy house .
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A dog jumping upside down in front of a man .
A man demonstrating his black and white dog performing a back flip .
A man in a white t-shirt watching a dog do a back flip
A man standing behind a small black and white dog doing a back flip .
Dog jumps backwards , doing trick with man outdoors .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while his owner runs beside him .
A dog owner is running alongside his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course .
a man runs with his dog at a dog show .
Man in red shirt watches dog on an agility course .
Two female beach volleyball players face off at the net with the Beijing Olympics logo visible in the background .
two female volleyball players try to hit the ball .
Two woman playing beach volleyball .
Two women in skimpy outfits play sand volleyball .
Two women play volleyball on the sand .
A boy in a yellow polo standing in tall grass
A kid hides from the camera in the overgrown bushes .
A little boy standing in very tall green grass .
Boy in striped shirt standing among the tall grasses .
The little boy in a yellow , striped shirt stands in some tall grass .
A boy in a soccer uniform running in a field during a game .
A boy in a soccer uniform running on a field
A boy in green and white looks alert during a soccer game .
A soccer player is running on the field
A soccer player running on the field .
brown dogs are running down a trail
A group of dogs runs down a path through dry grass and bushes .
A pack of dogs are running away down a trail .
Five brown dogs are walking down a grassy path .
Many dogs are running the same way in a field .
A child is yelling whilst on a roller coaster
A happy , excited boy on a roller coaster .
A kid is yelling while on a roller coaster .
A young boy screams on a roller coaster .
The blonde boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open .
A black dog running through a grassy yard carrying a large ball in its mouth .
A black dog runs with a ball in its mouth .
A dog runs in a yard with a deflated ball in its mouth .
a dog runs with a volleyball .
The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth .
A woman is attempting to walk a tightrope with onlookers nearby a rocky shored lake reflecting sun .
A woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sunsets .
A woman leaning to her right as the sun sets .
Girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
The woman is dancing on the shore of a lake at dusk .
A brown and white dog is looking at a tennis ball floating in a pool .
a brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball .
A brown and white dog walks down a ramp toward a pool of water in which a green tennis ball floats .
A dog descends a ramp into the pool to get a tennis ball .
A dog looking at a tennis ball floating in a pool .
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence .
A white dog is walking down a dirt road .
A white dog runs along a path , trailing a leash .
A white dog with a loose leash is on a dirt road
A white puppy walks down a dirt path trailing his leash on the ground behind him .
A boy in an orange snorkel mask swims underwater .
A kid is diving underwater while wearing swim gear and orange goggles .
Boy swims underwater with orange mask on .
The boy in red goggles swims underwater .
The little boy swims under the water .
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog .
The black and white dog is biting the brown and white dog .
Two dogs appear to be kissing with one another on flat ground .
Two dogs either fighting or playing together .
Two dogs play around at nighttime .
A boy jumping off a chair .
A boy jumps high indoors while a woman sleeps on a nearby couch .
A little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor .
A young boy becomes airborne in a family room setting while a woman rests behind him .
A young boy jumping off a chair
A boy in blue shorts running on a concrete surface while holding goggles .
A wet boy carrying goggles runs .
A young boy runs barefoot while wearing a blue swimsuit .
Boy wearing swim trunks holding goggles and running
The young athlete completes the swimming portion of the race .
A girl is outside a house with a pink hula hoop spinning around her upper leg .
A girl poses on a shady driveway .
A girl stands in a driveway .
A young girl stands barefoot on a driveway and uses a hula-hoop .
Child playing with a hula hoop on a cement driveway in housing alotment .
A crowd of people socializing at night .
A girl in an orange jacket talks on the phone while another girl smokes .
A woman in an orange jacket is talking on her cellphone .
A woman wearing orange stands in a crowd and talks on the phone .
The woman in orange talks on a cellphone whist standing in front of the woman who is smoking a cigarette .
A brown dog is splashing water in a yard .
A dog is on the grass shaking himself dry .
A dog splashes water while on green grass .
A dog tries to drink water from a sprinkler .
A tan dog shaking off some water on a lawn
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road .
A man on a bike is riding along the side of a country road
An older gentleman rides his bike along the side of a road in a rural area .
An old man rides a bicycle on a country road .
Man riding a bicycle down a road with clouds overhead .
A boy in a yellow tank top runs away from a crashing wave .
A buy with a pale on a beach .
A child runs away from an approaching wave .
A kid with a bucket runs from a wave
a little boy is running on the beach with a red bucket in his hand .
A bike rider jumping off his bike , doing a trick
A guy is doing a trick on a bike .
A man is performing a jumping trip on his bicycle .
A man with a bike jumps high above the concrete .
Bike rider jumps off of gray stone rise , does trick in air .
A baby in a red hooded sweatshirt clibing a red mat .
A baby wearing a red jacket climbs on a red table .
A little kid climbs a red mat on a festive carpet .
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat .
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment .
A man take a picture of a woman in a blue top and jeans standing on a stump near the water .
A woman balances on a stump while a man takes her picture .
A woman stands atop a waterside piling .
Man shooting picture of women at the beach .
The girl standing on the post by the water is having her picture taken by the man with the camera .
A small child on riding toy and a larger child on a small bicycle with training wheels .
The little boy in the red shirt looks at the smaller boy in an orange shirt while riding bikes .
Two children ride their bikes on the asphalt street .
Two little boys riding their bikes in the street .
Two young boys ride small bikes on the road of a neighborhood .
A brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean .
A dog bounds across the sandy beach with a stick in his mouth and water splashing off his paws .
A wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore .
The dog is running along the beach next to the ocean with a stick in its mouth .
The wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water .
Two brown and black dogs wrestle in the long grass .
Two dogs are jumping up at each other in a grassy field .
Two dogs jumping on each other .
Two dogs on their hind legs leaning against each other .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass with a chain link fence in the background .
A boy is walking through a parking lot filled with cars .
A child in red short and orange cap in a parking lot .
A young boy standing on a street watching the traffic
Child with striped shirt , red shorts and orange cap standing on pavement near cars .
The little girl in the red skirt and striped shirt is watching the line of traffic from the side of the road .
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle .
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse .
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle .
The person is sitting on top of a horse .
This person is sitting in a saddle .
A closeup of a small boy smiling while holding onto some playground equipment .
A little boy on a background posing for the camera .
A Little child in a red shirt holds on to playground equipments and smiles .
a young boy wearing a red shirt hanging around a brown pole
Child in red shirt and white shorts hanging onto a pole
A child running on a beach with seaguls flying around .
A child runs along the shore , while birds fly overhead .
A small child is running on the shore of the beach surrounded by birds .
a young boy wearing a gren shirt running on the beach
A young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him .
A boy and girl playing with buckets in a lawn sprinkler
A girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake .
A girl with a bucket of water is being chased by a boy with a bucket of water .
A young girl and young boy are playing with pails of water with the ocean in the background .
Children play in a sprinkler near a beach .
A dog catches a tennis ball .
A dog is running while catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
a small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
A small dog with a tennis ball in its mouth playing in a driveway .
The tan and white dog is running outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
An SUV is parked in a grassy field with mountains in the background , and a woman is looking through a telescope off into the distance .
A person holding a piece of equipment up to her eyes is standing in a large meadow near a blue vehicle .
A person in a field looks through a telescope while a blue car approaches or waits .
A woman is looking through binoculars while standing in front of a car that is parked near mountains .
A woman stands in a field near a car , and looks through binoculars .
A blue jeep sits in the middle of a stream running through a forested area .
A blue Land Rover is driving across a river .
A blue SUV drives in a stream surrounded by woodlands .
A blue SUV driving over a small creek .
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water , in a wooded area .
A man gathers kite string on the beach .
A man in a brown striped shirt is walking on the beach with a roll of string in his hand .
A man wearing jean is flying a kite near the shore .
A man with a polo shirt and jeans happily flies a kite .
The boy with the cap holds the kite string and spool while smiling .
A fisherman sits on the roll of chain .
a man in boots sitting on a machine
A man resting his legs on spool of metal cable .
A man wearing big , brown , rubber boots is sitting down of a machine with big chains .
a young man relaxing his legs on a pice of machinery
A person feeding a strawberry to a turtle
A tortoise attempts to eat a berry .
Someone feeds a strawberry to a turtle .
The tortoise is being fed an strawberry .
The turtle is being fed a strawberry
A dog jumps over a very high barrier at a competition
A woman leads a dog to jump a tall hurdle in a competition .
Lady in blue top and dark pants astride a white and brown dog leaping a hurdle .
The dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on .
The woman is guiding a brown and white dog over a tall white fence on an obstacle course .
A brown dog is running down a green and yellow obstacle .
A dog at a competition runs down a ramp .
A dog running down a ramp during a dog show .
A light brown dog is walking down a blue and yellow ramp .
The dog runs down the wooden ramp .
A brown and white dog is running around a pole .
A multicolored dog runs around obstacles on a course .
Collie dog races around a pole .
dog running around red and white poles
The dog is running around a white and pink pole .
A group of children sit on a skateboard half pipe .
A group of young children sit on the edge of a cement ledge .
Children sit at the top of a cement wall .
Six girls sit on painted pavement .
Six little girls are sitting on a cement hill .
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line .
A person wearing a blue helmet is hooking a pulley onto a thick steel wire .
A woman attaching a carabiner to a guide wire .
A woman in a helmet hooking up to a wire .
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable .
A car is in the water
A car sinking in water .
A land rover is being driven across a river .
A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond .
An automobile is submerged in water , almost to the door handles .
Four children are playing in some water .
Four young girls playing in the water .
Kids play in water .
Little girls play in the water .
Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A dog hurdles over a series of poles .
A dog is jumping over a series of colored gates .
A dog jumping over a beam
A small black dog jumping over gates
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him .
A hiker walks on a mountainside .
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountaintop .
A person in a white and red shirt and green backpack hiking on a mountain .
A person wearing red and white climbs a foggy mountain .
A boy and a girl are bending under a fence to look over a ledge .
Two children look down squeezing through a fence .
Two children peek through a fence and down at water .
Two children peer over a rusty ledge .
Two children trying to squeeze under some metal bars
A beige and white dog is running quickly across the grass .
A dog running in the grass .
A dog running on grass
A light-colored dog runs through the grass .
The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard .
A dog running down a dirt track .
A greyhound running a race .
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
Greyhound running on track with blue vest with a white numeral two .
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .
A girl about to eat watermelon and drink juice .
a little girl is sitting at a table with a jug of juice and some watermelon slices .
A little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon .
A young girl at a card table selling lemonade and watermelon .
Young girl sitting at a table selling lemonade and watermelon slices .
A beach with people standing on the sand
A woman with a green sunshade is passing a sales merchant on the beach .
Many people are walking along the beach on a clear day .
People dressed in bathing suits , dresses and shorts are on the beach , near an exhibit .
People standing on a beach , one under a green umbrella
A black dog in a grassy field fetching a colourful toy .
A black dog is running through long grass with a colorful toy in its mouth .
A dog catching a toy in a field
Black retriever plays with a multi-colored toy in dry grass .
The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field .
A young man sits on a couch and smokes .
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch .
Man smoking on a couch .
The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette .
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bagpipe .
A woman in a red dress playing an instrument .
A woman in a red medieval type dress playing a bagpipe or some similar instrument .
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe .
A woman wearing a red costume plays an instrument against a brick wall .
A person buried in moss .
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed .
A woman on the beach is covered in seaweed .
A young person is buried in a pile of seaweed on a beach .
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed .
A boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman .
A boy stopped on his bike on a bike trail as a woman passes by
A boy with a black shirt and white shorts on a bike is turning to look behind himself .
A little boy posing on his bike , wearing a helmet .
A young boy with a bicycle on a road going through a forest
Two children are in a blue amusement park ride .
Two children on a carnival ride , tree in background .
two children on a ride
Two children riding a blue rollercoaster smile .
Two kids ride an amusement park ride .
A man in a flannel shirt and black pants sits on a ship looking out through the railing .
A man in a flannel shirt sitting behind metal bars .
A man sits with his foot on a pole and smiles .
A man sitting on the ground props his feet up against the railing .
A young man in a plaid shirts sits on the deck of a boat .
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass .
A black and white dog returns a Frisbee .
A black , brown , and white dog is carrying a Frisbee .
a black , brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth .
A dog strolls , holding a Frisbee in its mouth .
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area .
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course .
A man runs with his dog as people watch from nearby tents .
The dog does an obstacle course with his trainer .
The man is training a dog to zigzag through poles .
A man talks on the phone with his feet up .
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone .
A man with his feet up using a telephone .
Seated man with red hat and green shirt is talking on the phone .
The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone .
A football player has the number 25 .
A football player , his helmet half off , looking at the ground .
A football player wearing a white uniform walks and looks down .
a university of Miami football player # 25 .
Closeup of football player # 25 .
A brown a dog and a black dog in the edge of the ocean with a wave under them boats are on the water in the background .
Two dogs , one brown and the other black , play in the surf in the shallow ocean water .
Two dogs playing in the waves .
two dogs play in the water .
Two dogs stand back to back in the ocean .
A brown dog jumps over colorful poles and numbered cones .
A dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle .
A large tan dog is jumping over hurdles on a course .
A tan dog jumping over an obstacle .
A tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate .
A football player prepares to throw the ball .
A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .
A man wearing a white uniform is playing football .
quarterback for University of Florida
The football player is preparing to make a play with onlookers nearby .
a brown dog jumping a wooden wall a few people standind around also
A large brown dog climbs over a tall fence while three people look on .
A police dog in training jumping over a large wall
Dog climbing over wall
People watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field .
A half naked man pushes against the trunk of a fig tree .
A man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge .
A man without a shirt on is rock climbing .
A shirtless man climbs a rock wall .
A very fit man is leaning against a tree .
a black and white dog with a stick in his mouth standing on a hill .
A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
A dog stands at the top of a mountain and looks on .
A dog stands on a hill looking towards the valley with a stick in its mouth .
brown dog holding stick in mouth
A black , white , and brown dog is playing with a green and pink ball on sand .
A dog is in the sand with a pink and green tennis ball in his mouth .
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand .
A small terrier plays with a tennis ball on the beach .
The white dog , with dark patches , is playing in the sand with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A black and white dog catches a Frisbee on a grassy field .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a white Frisbee .
A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee .
The black and white dog jumps in the air to catch the white Frisbee on the grassy field .
The dog leaps to attempt to catch the Frisbee .
A collie catches a white Frisbee at an obedience competition .
A dog is jumping up to catch a Frisbee in front of white tents at a dog show .
A dog jumps to catch a Frisbee as a man watches .
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee .
Dog jumping high in the air to catch a Frisbee .
Children participate in a martial arts tournament .
Two boys do martial arts on a blue mat .
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear spar on a mat .
Two children wearing martial arts gear fight on a blue mat .
Two children with red helmets engage in martial arts sparring .
A blond person climbs a sheer rock cliff face .
A girl climbing a rock face .
a girl on the very top of a large rock wall climbing .
A person climbs a rock face .
A person is climbing to the top of a rock cliff .
A boat goes out to see while someone watches on the beach .
An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby .
An orange lifeboat speeds away from its mobile launcher whilst a man in red watches it sail away .
A vehicle has just released a boat into the water as a man in red stands on shore .
The boat rushed off .
A man in a pink shirt and sunglasses is sitting in the sun .
A man with sunglasses in a pink shirt .
An old man sitting down watching something .
A older man wearing a pink shirt and sunglasses sits , a woman behind him .
The man is wearing sunglasses and a pink shirt
Black poodle carrying red chew toy while playing with a brown poodle .
Black poodle with toy in mouth
One black dog with a toy and one yellow dog .
These two poodles , one black and one brown , are playing .
Two poodles playing with a red toy .
A person is standing on a surfboard and riding down a large wave .
A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it .
A surfer in a black wetsuit catching a wave while another one tries to catch up with him .
One surfer rides a wave while another surfer paddles at the base of the wave .
Someone is surfing along a wave with someone else swimming nearby .
A group of four friends are drinking alcohol at a party .
A man wearing black stands with three woman who have blonde hair .
Three blonde women stand next to a man with a black Nike cap and shirt with a cup of beer in his hand .
Three women and a man holding drinks pose for a picture .
Three women and a man pose together holding their drinks .
The black and brown dogs play in the snowy field .
Two brown dogs play in a snowy field .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in field of snow
Two long haired dogs play in the snow .
A child in a pool wearing water-wings .
A child in churning water at the edge of a pool , with orange water wings .
A child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties .
A child with orange and white water wings is playing in a pool .
a little boy is wearing water wings in a swimming pool .
An African man and a boy are standing behind a coarse wooden table in a blue room .
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room .
The person in the yellow shirt is sitting with a child at a wooden picnic table .
Two people sit in front of tables in a room with blue walls .
Two people sitting in a blue room with ratty wooden seats and tables .
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
Two people are wading in the water as the sun cascades off of the water .
Two people in water .
two people stand elbow deep in the ocean , watching the sunset .
two people swim in the water at sunset .
Three boys in a building under construction .
Three boys play in an unfinished building .
Three boys playing in an unfinished space .
Three little boys are playing on the floor of an unfinished house .
Two young boys sit and one young boy stands on an unfinished wooden floor .
A brown and white dog runs across the grass .
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass .
A dog running on the grass .
A dog runs around in a field .
The white and brown dog is running through the grass .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
A boy plays in the sand .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
The boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field .
Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field .
Three dogs play together in the field .
Two dogs are fighting over a toy and another dog is chasing them .
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field .
a man climber a large rock without any gear while his friends watch
A person climbing a rock while others are standing around and watching .
A person hangs off a large rock as other people watch .
A rock climber hangs from a ledge while others look on .
Man dangling from rock as spectators watch
a group of football players huddled together in the middle of the field .
A group of football players wearing orange and blue uniforms gather together on the field .
Football players in blue and orange uniforms are huddled together and hugging each other .
Football players in uniform embrace one another .
The men in the Gators helmets have their arms wrapped around each other .
A man in a hat and red shirt aims a cellphone at a person walking toward him on the sidewalk .
A man in a red sweatshirt and a hat is looking at his phone while another man in black walks closer to him down the sidewalk .
A man in a red sweatshirt and a straw hat uses a cellphone .
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .
A man with a hat taking a photo with his camera , while a passerby looks annoyed .
A blonde woman holds an umbrella over a race car driver .
A couple outside in the rain at a stockcar race that he is racing in .
A man is sitting in a race car near a woman with an umbrella .
A woman holding an umbrella over a person in a race car .
Lady holding umbrella over race car driver .
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away .
A man running across the grass towards a woman .
A woman stands in a field with her hands on her hips while a man runs up behind her .
The woman wearing black is standing in a grassy field as the man in the blue cap runs .
Two people in a field looking off-camera .
A boy climbing through branches .
A boy in a red shirt and blue shorts stands inside the branches of a large tree .
A boy in a red shirt walking on tree branches .
A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment .
A little boy in red walks in between branches in a tree .
A boy doing a trick on top of a guardrail on inline skates .
A person jumps onto a barrier .
A person wearing Rollerblades jumps over a yellow gate .
A young adult jumps on a yellow barricade .
Rollerblader grinding a yellow road barrier
A brown dog digging for a ball in the sand
A brown dog digs in the sand for an orange ball .
A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole .
A dog burrowing in the dirt trying to get an orange ball .
A dog digging for his ball in the sand .
A group of people sit near a large red brick building in the grass .
A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front .
It looks like a school with children sitting outside of it .
People sitting in a circle outside a large building .
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass .
A dog lays on a mattress on the porch .
A dog rolls on a mattress placed on a porch and scratches his back .
A spotted dog rolling over on a pad placed on a porch .
A white dog rolling on its back on a porch .
The spotted dog rolls on its back .
A child in colorful goggles plays in a pool .
A child is in a pool wearing shark goggles .
A girl with goggles on in a pool
A young girl swimming in green goggles
child with swim goggles with face submerged halfway
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper .
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets .
The man holding a newspaper is wearing a white suit , black shirt and black shoes .
The man is wearing a white suit and walking on the street .
A black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch a soccer ball .
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in a yard .
Black dog jumps for white ball .
Dog jumping to catch a soccer ball .
The black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch the ball .
A small boy holding a soccer ball for another boy to kick .
A very little boy is stopping a soccer ball from going into the goal .
A young boy playing goalie stops the soccer ball with his hands .
Children playing with a soccer ball near a goal net .
Two little boys in uniforms play soccer .
A cowboy is hanging upside down from a horse .
A man at the rodeo is riding his horse while upside down and not on the saddle
A man is riding upside down on the side of a horse at a rodeo .
A rodeo rider being thrown headfirst from a horse .
A rodeo rider doing a vertical trick on a brown horse as an audience looks on .
A girl blows a bubble in the water .
A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth .
A girl with brown eyes sits in the water .
The girl is swimming with only her head above the water .
The girl with brown hair swam in the water .
A boy in a red shirt and a boy in a yellow shirt are jumping on a trampoline outside .
Children jump on a trampoline .
Kids are jumping on a blue rimmed trampoline .
Two children are playing on a teal trampoline near greenery .
Two young boys jumps on a trampoline as two other children sit on it .
A man is kayaking in rough waters .
A man is kayaking through some white waters .
Man kayaking in a raging river .
Man kayaking down river rapids .
The man in the yellow jacket is paddling a red kayak through white water .
A photographer looks over the hills .
A woman in a red jacket is videotaping a natural landscape .
A woman with a camera looks out over rolling hills .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is looking at the view .
Lady in red shirt has her camera set up in the field to record something .
A baby girl in a white shirt and jeans sits on the grass by the street .
A girl toddler is sitting on the grass .
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm .
A young girl is sitting in the grass .
A young girl throwing a rock .
a woman is looking away from two small children playing in a fountain .
Two children and an adult are near the fountain .
Two children and a woman are playing in a water fountain .
Two children playing in public fountains
Woman , with two children playing in outdoor fountain .
A man in a cap and shorts sits on a metal bench reading a newspaper .
A man in a t-shirt , shorts and cap , sitting on a park bench , reading a paper .
A man reads the paper on a wood an iron park bench .
A man sits on a bench near a sidewalk , reading a newspaper .
A man sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
A black and white dog is jumping into the water .
A dog runs and plays in the water .
A little white and brown dog is running in the water .
A white and black dog leaps into water .
a white dog runs across the water .
A man in a brown jacket and beige cap is drinking from a Styrofoam cup .
A man in a jacket and cap is crouching down and drinking from a cup .
A man in a leather jacket drinking coffee .
A man is crouched down next to a building sipping a drink .
A man wearing a coat is leaned against wall drinking from a white cup .
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar .
A black and white dog jumps over a red and white pole while a boy in a green shirt watches .
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar .
A dog jumping over a pole with a boy in the background
Dog jumps over red and white pole while boy looks on
A man in a white shirt is standing in a tent holding a banjo or guitar .
A man is standing under a tent playing a guitar .
A man stands holding a string instrument .
A man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar .
a young bald man standing alone playing a banjo .
A man is lying on the grass next to a shopping cart .
A person is lying on the green grass and there is a small cart next to them .
A person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby .
There is a shopping cart and a person laying on the ground in a green field of grass .
There is one person lying in a large , green field .
A man stands with her arms folded outside a travel agency .
A woman leaning on a doorway to a store .
A woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed .
A woman stands outside a store .
The woman is standing with her arms folded by a blue door .
A man and a woman are wearing black and looking at something on the sidewalk .
A man and a woman standing in front of signs .
a man and women looking at magazines in a window .
A man puts his arm around a woman as they look at signs on the street .
Interracial couple stand together looking at a display on street
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
The two dogs , one of which is leaping in the air , are chasing a ball outdoors .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
A boy on a chained swing looks to the right and smiles .
A boy plays on a swing .
A boy riding on a swing .
A boy wearing a white t-shirt and a long sleeve plaid shirt is smiling while swinging .
A child on a swing-type ride .
A biker , all covered in mud , riding a blue bike .
Biker in muddy orange shirt riding blue racing bike
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike .
Person with orange shirt and black and white helmet riding bike
The man on the bike just finished riding through some mud .
Four black dogs run across the grass .
Four black dogs running over grass .
Four black dogs run together on bright green grass .
Four dogs run on field
The four large , black dogs are running on the grass .
A brown and white dog goes into water while looking back .
A brown dog is standing in a river with its head turned looking behind .
A very wet dog in a river .
A white dog with brown spots standing in water .
The brown and white dog is in the water .
a black dog splashes in the water .
a brown dog walking in a river with trees in the background
A large brown dog plays in the water .
A large sleek brown dog is standing in the water .
The large brown dog is walking into a shallow lake .
A man and a dog who are both wearing sunglasses take a ride .
A man is riding a motorcycle with his dog in the passenager seat .
A man on a motorcycle rides with a dog
A man rides a motorcycle with his dog in the sidecar .
A motorcycle has a sidecar with a dog wearing goggles in it .
A football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform .
Players on a football team scuffle in an attempt to get the ball .
Two football players are tackling an opposing football player with a referee nearby .
Two football players are tackling a third while a referee watches .
two football players tackle another football player .
A group of men are standing around during a sports game in a park .
Men in the park .
Men playing soccer in a field
Men standing on a grass field with trees in the background .
Nine men are playing a game in the park , shirts versus skins .
A boy in his boxers strikes a powerful pose .
a little boy in his underwear raises his left hand .
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall .
a young boy in green shorts with his fist in the air
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .
A soccer player in a white shirt moves to run past a player from the opposite team .
Guy in white trying to score in soccer while being blocked by two guys in orange and black
Number 3 has the soccer ball going around number 6 in a red jersey .
The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white .
Three boys playing soccer .
A man on a bicycle jumping off a dirt ramp with one foot on the ground
A man on a bmx .
A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound .
A young man in tan shorts and green shirt is falling off his bicycle .
Man doing a jumping bike trick on dirt mound at night .
A man talks to a woman wearing a backpack .
A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street .
Man riding a bicycle as woman walks beside him on a street .
The woman carrying a backpack is facing the camera , while the man is turned away .
The woman in the white shirt and black backpack is walking with the man in the blue shirt .
A man in a black jacket with a black beard stares pensively .
A man in a jacket looks out .
A man sits and rubs his chin .
A man with a Mohawk and beard , with his hand on his chin looking off into the distance .
an asian man thinks to himself .
A man steers a speeding jet ski through a turn .
Two men are in a blue and white speed boat .
Two men are riding a blue and white jet ski .
Two people are driving a blue jet ski , leaving a trail of water in the air .
Two people jetskiing on a blue jet ski .
A man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs .
A man in a brown hat and bow-tie with a woman in a red flower hat .
A man wearing a gray hat stands with a woman wearing a red hat .
A man with facial hair and a hat stands next to a woman in a red hat in front of a staircase .
The man and woman are outside and something is drawing their attention .
Two men in hats stand on a wide sidewalk .
Two men standing on a street .
Two men wearing hats are standing on the path beside a brick building .
Two men wearing hats stand on the tree-lined sidewalk near a building .
Two men with hats on stand in the street .
A dog is chewing on a big branch .
a dog shews on a big stick .
A dog with a branch in its mouth .
A little dog chews on a big stick
Small dog chews on a big stick .
A dog catching a Frisbee with onlookers in the background .
A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee while people watch
A Jack Russel terrier catching a Frisbee in midair .
a small brown and white dog catching a Frisbee at a competition .
Dog catching a Frisbee on a field in front of an audience .
A green motorcycle is being ridden on a wet racetrack .
a man on a race bike
A man rides a green motorcycle on a wet racetrack .
A motorcycle racer is turning around a curve on a wet road .
Person riding a green racing motorcycle .
A lean dog races along a dirt track .
A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey , and muzzle
A white greyhound wearing a yellow and black jacket is running on a track .
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track .
A white racing dog wearing the number 8 is midstride running down a track .
A girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table .
One girl is taking a picture of another girl outside .
One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table .
The girls playfully pose for photos for each other in the park .
Two women next to a picnic table .
A man looks across a city street at night .
a man sits in the city at night .
An elderly man is standing outside at night , gazing at the street .
A photograph taken at night of a street scene and a man looking in the street
This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic .
A blonde child swinging on a swing .
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging .
A young child in a swing wearing a skull and crossbones shirt .
The blonde haired child played on the swing .
The young girl in a cartoon shirt is enjoying a ride on a swing .
a black dog has caught a bird in its mouth .
A black dog in tall grass with a bird in its mouth .
A black dog standing in a field is holding a bird in his mouth .
Black retriever stands in the grass , holding a bird in its mouth .
The black dog in the field has something in its mouth .
A black man is wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt with a white undershirt .
A man in sunglasses smiles .
a man with dreeds wearing large black sunglasses
dark skinned man with sunglasses in a blue shirt
The man wearing a blue shirt has dreadlocks and sunglasses .
A man in bright orange shorts is skateboarding along a course with cones as two people observe in the background .
A man in orange shorts and knee pads is in a blurry picture .
A man in orange shorts , knee pads and a helmet , moves quickly on a street course .
a man in orange shorts moving really fast
A skater goes through a course .
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee .
A white dog is running towards the red Frisbee on the grass .
A white dog jumps above a red Frisbee that is rolling along the surface of a low cut field .
A white dog wearing a red collar jumps up after a red Frisbee .
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee .
A big white bird flies out of the water leaving a splash .
a crane flying just above a body of water
A white water bird taking flight from a lake .
Long-necked , flying white bird grazes water with black legs .
The white crane is landing in the water .
A black and a blonde dog are either playing or fighting with each other .
A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room .
Two dogs are jumping up at each other .
Two dogs fighting , one is black , the other beige .
Two dogs in a kennel on their hind legs facing one another .
A man wearing a straw hat smokes a cigarette .
A man with a straw hat is smoking a cigarette with a crowd nearby .
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette .
The man in the straw hat smokes a cigarette .
The man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette .
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball .
A little boy in a blue coat hits a ball with a stick .
A little boy in a blue jacket hits a baseball .
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball .
The boy in the blue jacket and grey cap is playing with a ball .
A ban in a grey swaetshirt picks out greens in a supermarket .
A man is taking a look at the food products .
A man looking at produce .
A man shopping for fresh lettuce in a market
An older man examines produce .
A beagle walks through the grass .
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A brown and tan dog walks through the green grass .
a smal hound dog walking through the grass outside .
The dog is walking through a grassy area .
A big brown dog jumps over a small black dog .
A big gold-colored dog jumping over a smaller black dog .
A large brown dog jumps over a small black dog .
A large golden retriever is jumping high over another smaller , black dog .
Large brown dog is jumping over a smaller black dog .
A large yellow vehicle leads two others in a race .
A yellow truck with Casterol branding leads a white truck and blue truck down the road .
trucks race around a racetrack , the yellow truck with the number five leads , followed by number 22 and number 29 .
Trucks race in an obstacle course .
Trucks racing
A crowd watches as two formula one cars leave the starting line .
A crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight .
A group of people watch a drag race at the beginning and see the fire from the cars .
People look at the flames coming from the cars at a drag race .
The drag racers take off the starting line .
A person has a mask , which has a red nose and a black bandanna , over his face .
A person in a scary mask .
A person wearing a clown mask is scratching his or her chin .
A person wearing a clown mask looks to the right .
A person wears a mask .
A group of young people pose for a group photo while a man does a bike jump .
A person jumping off a ramp on a bike over a crowd .
A topless guy jumping a ramp on a bike .
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
People cheer as a man rides a bmx bike in midair
A bicyclist with a green shirt rides through the woods
A man in green biking in the woods .
A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail .
A man rides a bike through a wooded trail .
A mountain biker is riding along a heavy dirt trail in a wooded area .
A person on a downhill skateboard .
A person wearing a helmet and red and silver jumpsuit is kneeling on a skateboard .
A person wearing a helmet begins to ride a skateboard down a street hill .
People in helmets racing down the street on skateboards .
People ride skateboards on a road .
Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper .
Two infants , one standing and one sitting , are in a bathroom .
Two little children playing in the bathroom .
Two little kids playing with toilet paper in the bathroom .
Two young children playing with toilet paper .
A boy plays goalie at a soccer game .
A goalie dives to prevent the ball from going into the goal .
A kid blocks a goal during a soccer game as other kids stand in the background .
A young boy dives for a ball near a soccer goal .
The blonde boy is stretching in front of the soccer goal .
A black dog in the water .
A black dog is walking through the water .
A black dog walking through water .
A black dog walks through the water .
A dark dog is in a body of water .
A group of people riding bicycles turn on a street .
a large group of bicycles racing on the street
A line of men on bicycles compete in a race
A tight crowd of bicyclers make a sharp turn in a race .
Lots of cyclists ride during a race .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog in front of 2 women .
A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog
Two dogs are being led into a building on leashes .
Two dogs one white and another tan are on leash with two women at an open doorway .
Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch .
Children and a few adults are playing in a water fountain on the ground .
In an urban fountain , a number of kids and a couple of adults wade through , barefooted .
People are gathered in a city and barefoot children stand near a water fountain .
People at a park with a public waterspout area .
People play in the fountain on a sunny day .
A biker doing a somersault with the bike in front of a crowd .
Biker performing jump while onlookers watch .
Someone doing a flipping trick on a red bicycle in front of a lot of people .
The athlete perfomed a trick as the large crown watched .
The rider on the red BMX bike does an inverted trick .
A man is jumping across a gap .
a man jumping from one building to another closeby
A man jumps off a large building onto the ground .
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another .
A young man jumps from one balcony to another .
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background .
Four women competitively rollerskating around an area .
four women rollerblade .
Three women participate in a roller derby .
Women skaters on a skating rink in athletic equipment .
A man on a motorcycle riding on his back tire .
A man on a yellow sport bike does a wheelie as his friend on a black bike catches up .
A yellow motorcyclist is popping a wheelie .
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel .
Two motorcyclists on a blurry road , one rider doing a wheelie .
A boy wearing a swimming cap and goggles running through water with another child swimming behind him .
Some swimmers in the water .
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake .
Two boys with blue swim caps in the murky water .
Young boys wading in blue swim caps .
A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard .
a man breathes fire .
A man breathing fire , obscured by a fence .
A night photo of a person making a fireball .
Two houses and fire
Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms .
Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball
Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer
Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball .
Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball .
A skateboarder wearing an orange shirt and orange helmet .
Men riding skateboards .
Two men , both wearing helmets , on skateboards with large wheels .
Two men on skateboards , and one has an orange helmet .
Two men skateboards at high speed .
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .
A man is sitting on a bench shading himself with an umbrella .
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .
Man on bench sleeping under umbrella for shade
The person in red and black is laying on a bench under a black umbrella .
A person wearing a bright pink wig and a yellow shirt , facing away and looking at the ocean .
A person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach .
A person with pink hair looking out at a beach .
Girl wearing a pink wig standing on the shore of a beach .
The person at the beach is wearing a pink wig .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
A large , white dog , with a fluffy tail is running on grass .
A white dog runs on the grass .
Large white dog running on grass
The white dog is running .
White dog running on the grass
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water .
a brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth .
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
Yellow dog catches ball in shallow waters .
A black and white dog frolicks in the water .
A black and white dog leaps through the water .
A black-and-white dog running in the water .
A black and white dog runs through the white water at a beach .
the black and white dog is running through the ocean .
A girl in a pick dress stands upside down .
A girl in a pink dress is standing on her head .
a girl in a pink tutu doing a handstand on a couch .
A girl in a pink tutu standing on her head .
a girl wearing pink does a handstand .
A man doing a skateboard trick in air while being videotaped .
A man performs a skateboard trick .
A teenager boy does a trick with his skateboard against a wall .
The boy is skateboarding .
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt jumps a ramp .
A small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car .
A toddler rides a plastic vehicle while another watches in the background .
A young child riding on a plastic yellow car
Child riding wheeled , yellow toy , with adult 's legs and another child in background .
Two girls are riding plastic cars , one yellow and one red .
Three dark haired little girls running across a field .
Three girls are running on a field in front of a fence .
Three girls run in a field outside .
Three girls run on a grassy field with a building in the background .
three little girls run on a soccer field .
A man in an orange shirt flips his skateboard on a suburban street .
A man in a red shirt is performing an aerial trick with a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A skateboarder in the air above his board on a residential street .
A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house .
The guy is wearing a red shirt and doing a aerial flip with his skateboard .
A boy is hanging upside down from a tire swing .
a boy is swinging upside-down with his head sticking through a tire .
A child upside down in a horizontal tire swing .
A young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it .
A young boy wearing a grey sweater , blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing .
A girl in a pink bicycle rides in front of a restaraunt .
A little girl in pink riding down the street on a pink and purple bike .
A young girl rides a bicycle past a cafe .
A young girl wearing pink is riding her bike in front of a store on a boardwalk .
Girl riding a bike on a street near many stores .
four girls play volleyball .
Four woman are playing on a beach as a huge ship passes in the background .
Four women in bathing suits are playing on the beach .
Slightly overweight women in bikinis are playing on a beach .
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean .
A man holding the hand of another man who has a tattoo on his arm .
A man that is standing up is holding the hand of another man that is sitting down .
A man wearing a hat inspects the tattooed arm of another man .
An elderly man is holding and looking at another man 's hand .
An older gentleman in a brown cap looking at a younger gentleman 's arm .
Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn .
Two dogs fight on the grass .
two dogs play together .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two large dogs are fighting with teeth bared near some trees .
A golden haired dog walking through shallow water
A large dog walking through water
Large brown dog walking in shallow water .
Light brown dog walking through water .
Orange dog walks in shallow water .
A girl is a blue and purple dress is hanging on a railing near a street while holding candy .
A little girl in a colorful dress and black boots holds a lollipop and plays near a fence .
A little girl in a dress and boots is holding a lolly pop and posing next to a fence .
A young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop .
little girl wearing dress and boots holding lollipop and fence
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera .
Three little kids are playing on a yard .
Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard .
Three young children are walking through a grassy yard .
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass .
A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth .
A dog swimming though water holding a stick .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A dog swims holding a large stick in his mouth in front of a city skyline .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A football player in mid stride holding a football .
A football player is running with a football .
A football player with a football is being pursued by another player .
An american footballer in a white strip who is carrying the ball is being pursued by another player in a black strip .
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
A white dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
a white dog jumping into a pool .
A white dog jumps into a pool .
A white dog jumps into a swimming pool .
The white dog jumps into the blue pool .
Four boys are playing at a playground
Four boys are playing at a wooden playground .
Four boys playing on a merry-go-round in a park .
Four boys playing on the inertia wheel at a park .
Four boys play on a merry-go-round at a park .
An elderly person in bright orange overalls is standing alongside a street .
A person wearing orange overalls stands on the sidewalk .
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .
The man in the red overalls stands on the sidewalk .
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .
A hockey player in black and white collides with another player wearing blue .
Hockey players collide on the ice .
The ice hockey player in white is tumbling in front of the player in blue .
Two hockey players bumps against each other while skating on the ice .
Two opposing hockey players collide .
A football player being tackled during a game .
A football player has his arms wrapped around the person holding the ball .
A football player in orange being tackled by a player in blue .
A young boy wearing orange is running with the football as the boy in blue tries to wrestle him to the ground .
Boy in orange jersey has the football and is being tackled .
A man in a blue shirt is rock climbing .
A man in blue is climbing up a rocky cliff with the help of secured cords .
An overhead view of a guy rock climbing .
A person in blue climbs up a very tall cliff , attached by red and blue ropes .
A rock climber makes his way up the mountain .
a man in blue shorts leaps from cliff into a lake .
A man in swimming trunks jumping off a rock into a lake .
A man jumps from a rock into the water .
a shirtless man jumps into the water .
The young man takes an acrobatic leap into the water .
A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain .
A mountain biker makes his way up a grassy path on his red bicycle .
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge .
Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking on a red bike .
A child wearing pink boots is splashing in a puddle behind the red truck .
A kid jumps in a puddle .
A little girl in her rain boots jumps in a puddle .
A little girl is about to jump into a mud puddle with her flower rain boots .
A little girl wearing rain boots is jumping off the sidewalk into a puddle of muddy water .
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water .
A boy standing in water doing a kick .
A boy standing with one leg in water and one leg held up over the surface .
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water .
A young boy kicks his leg up while standing in the water .
A group of men play soccer .
A rugby player has emerged from the pack with the ball in his hands .
Men playing a game in red uniforms
Rugby player in red gets ready to toss the ball .
Ruggers are competing in a fierce game of rugby
A dog in training to become a seeing-eye dog .
A dog wearing a bright green jacket .
A fluffy dog is wearing a green guard jacket for an elementary school .
a white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket .
a white puddle wearing a yellow school jacket on a lease
A black and brown dogs pulling a red leash .
A black dog chewing on a red leash .
A dog chews on his red leash .
A dog of dark color holds a red leash in his mouth .
a dog tugs on his red leash .
A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .
A large brown dog and a small grey dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them .
A large brown dog has his noce on the back of a small black dog .
A small black dog is shocked when a larger brown dog gives him a sniff .
The brown dog sniffs the back of a smaller black dog .
A boy bouncing on a trampoline .
A boy jumping on a trampoline .
A boy jumps on a trampoline .
A little boy in a white long sleeved t-shirt jumps on a trampoline .
Boy jumps on trampoline outside house .
A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field .
A dog and sheep run together .
A dog herds a sheep .
a sheep chases a dog .
The black and white dog is herding the sheep .
a girl wearing pink bounces on a bed
A little girl in a pink leotard is jumping and landing in a straddle split on a blue bed .
A young girl jumping with her mouth open .
Little girl in a pink Hello Kitty shirt is jumping .
The girl in pink does a midair leg splits .
A blue motorcycle is being driven on a racetrack .
A motorcycle racer leaning over to take a sharp turn .
A motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle
A race motorcycle takes a sharp turn on the track .
A sponsored motorcyclist is making a turn on a racing circuit .
A monkey is jumping towards another monkey on a smooth rock .
A small monkey is jumping on top of another small monkey .
One monkey is jumping near another monkey on top of a wooden structure .
There is one small monkey jumping while another monkey watches .
twos small brown monkeys on a wall fighting with each other .
A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp .
Rollerblader in the air above a ramp .
Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose .
Skateboarder jumping from one quarterpipe to another .
Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp .
A motocross rider is on a dirt hill .
A person is riding a green motorcycle .
Biker with helmet riding a green dirt bike midair .
Green motorcycle moving fast down dirt path .
Motorcycle rider going over a bump .
Empty seats at a stadium , except for two people in green rain ponchos .
The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats .
Two lonely fans in green ponchos sit in a stadium .
Two people in green sit in an otherwise empty stadium .
Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .
A football fan showing his devotion by painting his face .
A person with face paint is staring at something from within a crowd .
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands .
NFL Fan with their face painted white , blue , and yellow .
The person with the face paint and football jersey is sitting in bleachers
A boy in jeans and a black shirt skating down a stair rail .
A skateboarder goes down a railing .
A teenager performing a trick on a stairway in public .
Man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading .
The teenage boy is grinding a skateboard on a steep rail .
A man and a woman with three bikes and a silver car .
A man and woman with bicycles stand by a silver car .
A man , woman and three bicycles are resting by a silver car .
Two bicyclists stand by a silver car with three bikes .
Two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car .
A young boy and a toddler play in a fountain in front of a building .
Two small children are playing in a sprinkler system .
Two toddlers are playing in a water fountain .
Two toddlers , one topless , one without pants , standing on a floor with water sprinklers .
Two young boys play in a fountain .
A group of people are gathered on a white pillared porch for a photo .
A group of people are sitting in front of a red brick and white trim building .
A group of people are sitting on the porch of a brick building .
A group of people gather in front of a red house .
A group of ten people posing outside of a classic-style building
A girl does a back bend on the beach .
A girl doing a back bend at the beach .
A girl performs a back bend in the ocean water .
A woman in a red , white and blue bathing suit doing a back bend on the beach .
A young girl , in a stars and stripes bathing suit , does a back flip on the beach .
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard .
A puppy is running across the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A tan dog with a red collar runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
Fluffy golden puppy holding yellow rings in mouth while running through grass
A boy wearing sunglasses on his head looks at the camera .
A child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt .
A young child with a dirty shirt is standing on a playground
Child in dirty white shirt and sunglasses standing in yard
Little boy who has played in the dirt standing near his swing set .
A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water .
A dog on a log looks at a splash in the water as another dog looks on .
dogs playing in a stream
Two dogs are staring at a splash in the water
Two dogs look at something splashing in the water .
children playing in a fountain
four children are playing in a water fountain in a city plaza .
Four children playing in water spouts .
Little kids are jumping around in the sprinklers .
Three children playing in a fountain .
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors .
A woman dressed in blue posing for a picture
A woman in a blue shirt and headscarf poses for a picture sitting at a picnic table .
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table .
A woman with matching light blue t-shirt and headscarf sits on a chair made of stone .
A couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door .
A man and woman standing by a blue double door with fish and they are pretending to be swimming .
A man dances as another holds her breath in front of a blue fish door .
The two people in t-shirts pretend to swim in front of two blue doors .
Two people pretending to be in the water next to a door with fish cutouts .
Two climbers are sitting on top of a mountain attached to ropes .
Two men in red helmets sit atop a rocky cliff .
Two mountain climbers sit on a mountain .
Two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .
Two smiling climbers with poles sit astride a mountain ridge .
A black and white dog runs towards the camera .
A white and black dog runs on the grass .
a white dog jumping towards the camera
Black and white dog running outside .
The white and black dog is on the grass .
A man pokes his head out of the red tent in the snow .
A person peeks out from a colorful tent in a vast field of snow .
A person poses inside of a tent surrounded by snow .
A woman smiles from inside a red tent that is surrounded by snow .
The hiker pokes out of her tent to find that snow is everywhere .
a child in a black shirt reaches for a white kitchen stove
A little kid in a black shirt and striped pants is playing with the controls on a stove .
a toddler in stripy pants is reaching for a white stove in a red floored kitchen .
A toddler is reaching up to touch a stove .
The toddler touches the white stove .
A cyclist is performing a jump by some trees .
A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees .
Bicyclist doing jumping trick in front of trees .
Bike rider jumping very high on his bike in the woods .
The man on the bicycle is doing a stunt through the air .
One child running a net through a bucket of water and another child filling a bucket .
Two children cleaning water in their village .
Two children ladle water and a blue watering can sits behind them .
Two children outside near a container of water and a watering pail
Two small children are gathering water from a large container .
A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard .
A guy skateboarding on the side of steps .
A skateboarder doing tricks on a brick wall next to stairs .
A skateboarder is balancing on a brick wall .
The skateboarder is balancing himself and his skateboard on the edge of a brick wall .
One boy follows another at the park .
One child is walking ahead of the other .
Two children in coats walking in a park
Two young children are walking through a park .
Two young kids are walking outside .
A biker rides a motorcycle on a racetrack
A man races a blue motorcycle on a track .
A motorcycle rider turns the motorcycle on its side while racing .
A motorcyclist takes a corner .
A race car driver in a Yamaha bicycle is turning on a racetrack .
a black dog is looking at the tabby cat that is sitting by the window .
A dog and cat sit by a table with toys on it .
A tawny cat is playing with a basket while a black dog watches .
Big black dog and kitten curiously looking at the wooden weave basket .
The pets play in the apartment .
A girl in a blue uniform raises her arm .
A young cheerleader is cheering
A young female cheerleader dressed in a blue uniform is cheering in front of a group of band members .
A young girl in a blue and white cheerleading costume holds her right arm up while her other hand is on her hip .
Girl in blue and white uniform doing cheers
A black dog bites a white dog on the grass .
A brown dog is nibbling at the white dog 's face .
A brown dog mouthing at a white dog .
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog .
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog .
A dark haired boy and dark haired girl stand on the grass .
Two children are walking towards a house with a red van parked outside .
Two children in the grass in front of a house .
Two children play outside in the yard .
Two kids play in the grass near a red car .
A man swings his racket at a tennis ball .
A man with no shirt is playing tennis .
A man without a shirt playing tennis .
A shirtless man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball .
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area .
A man is sitting on the sidewalk by a tree .
A man sits on a sidewalk .
A man sitting on a curb in a city park .
Little boy sitting on the sidewalk outside .
through the power lines , a man sits near an unusual shaped tree stump
A homeless man stands in the street with a black dog .
A man and a dog , with a shopping cart full of items .
An old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart .
An old man with a large belly is next to a filled shopping cart and a dog on the street .
A scruffy fat man is standing next to a dog and a shopping cart full of stuff .
Two beach volleyball players walk and talk together on the sand .
Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand .
Two women stand in the sand in their bikinis .
Two women wearing bikinis are walking on the sand .
Two women wearing bikinis on a sandy beach .
A girl in a white shirt poses and smiles as someone holds up a peace sign behind her .
A girl smiles while a boy makes a V sign behind her head .
Girl smiling for camera with boy giving her bunny ears
Smiling girl with white shirt with boy standing behind making rabbit ears behind her head .
The young girl is given rabbit ears by the young boy behind her .
A girl swinging
A small girl in a toddler swing
A young girl is smiling while swinging .
Blonde girl in pink and white dress swinging .
The young girl wearing a pink striped dress is swinging in the child 's swing .
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth .
A dog is in the paddling pool playing with a ball .
A dog plays with a ball in a kiddie pool .
A dog splashing in a small pool with a small football .
The white and black dog plays in a blue pool with a ball .
A man dressed like a rockstar poses in front of a brick wall .
A man with a heavy-metal hairstyle wearing a studded leather jacket and tight lace-up pants stands in front of a brick wall .
A man with a lot of jewelry and punk rock clothes poses against a brick wall .
A man with long blond hair and a lot of jewelry stands by a wall .
an older man with long blond hair wearing a rocker outfit
There is a man and a boy , both standing on one leg , with at least one arm sticking out .
Two men are posing oddly outdoors .
two men posing with their legs up with a train in the background
Two men put their arms and legs out to the side .
Two young men are both standing on one leg with their arms stretched out on the street .
A dog in a swimming pool and another dog on the edge of the pool .
A dog swims in a pool while another watches .
A dog swims in the pool while another dog watches from the deck .
A tan dog swims in a pool while a black and brown dog looks on .
Two dogs playing in a pool
A puppy sniffs a human foot that is resting on his face .
Black fuzzy dog with a humans foot in front of it .
Black puppy sniffing a human 's bare foot .
Person 's foot resting on fluffy black dog .
The black puppy is being touched by a foot .
A large elderly woman in a green stripy dress is carrying shopping bags along a cobbled street .
A woman in a striped dress walks with shopping bags .
Large woman carrying bags .
Older woman in striped dress , white jacket , walks down street with shopping bags .
Woman walking down the street with grocery bags
A boy and two men shooting off a water rocket at the beach .
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats .
A group of people launch an air rocket in front of a marina .
A lady and a little boy use a pump to launch a rocket at a marina .
A little boy made blasted something off with water .
A black and grey dog is playing with a blue ball outside .
A dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
a dog playing with a blue ball
A gray dog chases a blue soccer ball on the grass .
A graying dog is pushing a blue soccer ball downhill with his nose .
A boy in a blue shirt and white helmet is riding a white bike .
A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park .
A boy on a BMX bike
A cyclist riding on their front wheel on the asphalt .
The man is on a black and white bike .
A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway .
A small girl is looking at a pink and black ball , in a parking lot .
The little girl in the green dress is chasing after a pink ball .
The little girl is chasing after her pink soccer ball .
The young girl is playing on white rocks with a small pink ball .
a black , brown and white dog is running beside a green fence in a grassy garden .
A dog is galloping through the grass .
A dog runs through a lush , green lawn .
A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass .
Dog running through grass in fenced in area .
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand .
A man in an orange jacket stands on sand with a blue sky background .
A man is outside standing on sand with a bright blue sky around him .
A man standing on a sand dune and reaching to the sky .
Man screaming at the top of a sand dune .
Two asian children smile while hugging each other .
Two children grin and hug each other .
Two children hug and smile .
Two children smile for the camera .
Two kids hugging each other .
A boy jumps a skateboard while a man in a suit looks on .
A man walks past as a skateboarder flies over the steps .
a skateboarder jumps over a set of stairs .
A skateboarder performs a trick .
person on a skateboard in the air
A woman sitting at a sewing machine looks up .
A woman with glasses is sewing .
A woman works by a sewing machine .
Woman in colorful shirt works at sewing machine .
Woman with glasses working at a sewing machine .
There are two large dogs running about in a field .
Two brown dogs running in grass with fence and trees in the background .
Two brown dogs run through a grassy field .
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
Two red dogs running in green grass by a fence .
A man is parallel in the air , trying to kick the soccer ball past the goalie .
a soccer player in white attacks the ball with flying kick towards the goal of the player in red as another team member looks on .
A soccer player is jumping into the air to kick the soccer ball into the goal .
A soccer player is making a flying kick towards the goal .
A soccer player leaps sideways in the air to kick the ball .
A brown dog splashes in the water .
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore .
A dog near the shore of a body of water .
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore .
The brown dog is jumping out of the water
A guy doing a wallride on his bike
A person in a hooded sweatshirt is doing a bicycle trick off of a wall .
A person in grey is riding a bike on a brick wall .
a young person riding a bike on the side of a brick wall
A youth on a bicycle wearing a white sweater riding along a wall .
A boy is standing on the stairs with his arms folded .
A child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .
A child is standing beside a banister on a red carpeted stair .
a young blond boy smiling standing on a staircase
Little boy smiling on the stairs .
A boy does a trick on a skateboard .
A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete .
A skateboarder jumping in the street .
A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background .
Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick .
A man jumps off a rock into the water
Swimmers jump from rocks above blue-green water .
Two boys jump from rocks into a green mountain pool .
Two people jump off the rocks and into the greenish water below .
Two swimmers are jumping off the tall rock into the water .
A boy does a skateboard trick in the courtyard of a European city .
A boy in a brown shirt is doing a trick on his skateboard .
A teen doing a skateboard trick in front of a building .
A young man does a skateboard trick in a public place .
A young man jumps high while riding a skateboard .
A child holding onto handles sliding across a rope .
A little boy in black shorts and no shirt is holding on to handles as he flies down a rope .
A young boy is holding on and riding a zip line down a hill .
A young boy on a zip line with a red ladder in the background .
Blonde young boy rides a zip line in the woods .
A climber approaches the top of a cliff high above the surrounding terrain .
A climber is hanging on a rocky ledge high over a bridge .
A man is climbing a cliff high in the air .
A man is scaling a large cliff
A mountain climber nears the top of a steep , high rock face .
A couple with a small child is standing on a busy street .
A family is standing in front of a silver car in a metro area .
A family waits to cross a busy street .
The man in blue , woman in white , and child in blue stand before a silver car .
Two adults and a child wait to cross a street .
A brindle pitbull holds a dirt bike tire in its mouth .
A brown dog carrying a tire in its mouth .
A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire .
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth .
A tiger striped dog plays with a tire .
A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .
Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .
Two dogs in motion in a grassy field with small trees .
Two dogs play in a field .
Two dogs running through a field .
Firemen are battling a fire .
Firemen stand outside a burning building with lots of smoke .
The firefighters are just under the flames and smoke .
There is a group of firemen watching a huge fire in some buildings in the distance .
Three firefighters duck from fire and smoke coming from a building .
a boy in a blue shirt is doing a back flip in the air .
A man in a jean jacket and jean pants is doing a back flip on a grassy area .
A person dressed in blue performing a back flip .
A person dressed in light blue with white shoes does a back flip in the grass .
Person doing backflips outside in the grass .
A group of women are all wearing orange bikina tops and orange saroog skirts .
A group of women in orange bathing suits and sarongs .
A group of women in orange swimsuits stand in a group , talking to each other .
A group of young women in orange hula outfits stand around .
Many females clothed in orange attire mingling
A group of workers are posing for a picture .
Four men are posing behind a cash register .
Four men are standing behind a counter that has a cash register and tips jar on it .
Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar .
Three men in t-shirts advertising hot dogs stand at a store counter .
A man on a motorized bike rides across a dirt road .
A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill .
A person on a dirt bike is riding up a sandy hill .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A man and a woman in front of a train .
A man and woman look to the right , the man is talking on a cellphone .
A woman and a man talking on his phone are at a train station
Man is on cellphone in front of train with a young woman behind him .
Two people , one on the phone , in front of a train .
A boy skateboards on a cement wall .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall .
Man skates along cement wall .
The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building .
A bicycler is riding a bike at a racing event .
A cyclist wearing a black helmet is riding by some black vans .
A person on a bicycle goes down the street .
Funky bicycle being raced
Man wearing helmet and racing gear on a bicycle
A little blonde girl going up a hill .
A little girl in a green shirt and pink shorts is running up a grassy hill near a pavilion .
A young girl is walking up a steep grassy hill .
The child in the green shirt is running up the hill with a picnic table behind her .
The little blond haired child is walking up the slope .
A boy in a swimsuit is playing in gushing water .
A boy in shorts stands next to a jet of water .
A child and two dogs play in the water .
A child in black shorts is splashing in a fountain .
A young boy plays in the sprinklers , allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm .
A boy on a surfboard in midair .
A surfer hangs in the air over the water .
A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves .
Young man surfing in the ocean .
Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water .
A black and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth on his hind legs
A black dog catches a Frisbee at a park .
A black dog with an orange bandanna catches a white Frisbee .
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him .
Dog catching the Frisbee .
A black dog is running along the beach beside a brown dog in midair catching a stick in its mouth .
A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick .
A brown dog leaps into the air next to a black dog on a sandy bay .
On a beach , black and brown dog runs , brown dog jumps .
Two dogs are playing together
Four people in helmets racing on skateboards
People are racing down a road on skateboards .
People on skateboards racing around a track .
The four people skate at high speed on the curvy road .
the skateboard racers are coming around a curve in the road .
A blue motorcycle is jumping over some colored barrels .
A dirt biker lands on a ramp .
A man riding a blue motorcycle jumps over a ramp .
a motorcyclist jumping on a ramp
A motorcyclist rides down a ramp held up by colorful barrels .
A guy jumps high on his skateboard .
A male skateboarder is captured midair .
A man in midair on a skateboard .
A skateboarder flies thorugh the air while others watch .
A youth riding a skateboard is airborne amongst the basketball courts .
A football player carries the ball during a game .
A football player catches the ball as another tries to tackle him .
A football player in an orange jersey tries to escape with the ball from the tackler .
A football player is getting tackled .
The football player in the orange uniform has the ball in his arms .
A woman is running along the side of a road , casting her shadow on a concrete wall .
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall .
A woman runs beside a concrete wall .
Woman jogging beside the road .
Woman running on sidewalk
A holder and kicker for a football team dressed in orange , white and black play while onlookers behind them watch .
A kicker launches the football forward while the holder checks his fingers .
The football player wearing a white helmet and orange chairs swing his leg while the player next to him kneels .
Two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd .
Two young men on the same football team are wearing orange and white uniforms and playing on an outside field while coaches and other players watch .
A child with a pink hat and a white and pink shirt standing in grass .
A little girl in a football jersy and pink snow hat is standing on a football field .
A small child wearing a pink hat , bluejeans , and white shirt standing in a grass field .
A young girl wearing a pink hat stands on a grassy field .
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background .
A kayaker crashes against the force of the wave .
a lone person in a red boat on a wild river with only one padel
A man pilots a kayak through rough rapids .
A person riverrafting .
This person in a red kayak faces a challange in the rapids .
Two elderly women can be seen from a car talking next to a wall .
Two gray-haired women holding bags talk on the sidewalk near a road .
Two older women conversing near a wall as seen from the driver 's seat of a parked vehicle .
Two older women stand outdoors with their bags and talk .
Two women carrying bags stand outside next to a wall .
One dog baring teeth at two other dogs running on the sand .
One dog is bearing its teeth at the other two dogs as they run beside the water .
The dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs .
The three dogs are running through sand near a lake .
Three dogs fighting on the shore of a lake .
A closeup of a woman with short red hair .
A girl with neon red hair and eyebrows .
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows appears to be in mid-speach .
A woman with bright red hair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside .
The girl has red hair and eyebrows , multi-piercings in her ear , and a tattoo on her back .
A kayaker battles the rapids .
A kayaker paddles through churning rapids .
A man kayaking in wild foamy water .
A person canoeing through river rapids in a blue canoe .
Person in kayak with water splashing up and over person and kayak .
A black haired girl is eating corn on the cob .
A man is eating a piece of corn on the cob .
A man is nibbling on an ear of corn
A person with dark hair is eating a very large ear of corn .
The child with black hair is eating corn on the cob .
A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .
A man is rollerblading down a rail .
A rollerblader riding a handrail .
A skater leaps through the air near a railing
Skateboarder slides across rail in corridor .
A group of motocross racers lined up to start .
A group of people are sitting on dirt bikes in a grassy field .
A group of people on racing bikes on a field .
A line of people are sitting on their motorcycles .
A row of men on motorbikes line up in the grass .
A girl laughs while playing outside .
A little girl walks and laughs outside .
A smiling girl , carrying a toy in one hand , walking on a road .
A smiling girl plays in the street .
The little girl is carrying a pink and blue toy as she walks on the path .
a black and white dog is catching a Frisbee
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A white dog with black spots catches a bright green and pink Frisbee in a field .
The dog jumps to catch a flying disc .
A dog and his trainer at a challenge
A dog with a bandanna jumps through hoop .
A girl leads her dog over a hurdle .
A woman leading a grey and black spotted dog in a red bandanna through a competition .
A woman runs alongside her dog as he jumps a hurdle .
One football player wearing an orange jersey and one wearing a white jersey are set at the starting line .
Two college football players about to face off .
Two football players are getting ready to tackle each other
Two football players , one in an orange jersey and one in a white jersey , play on the field .
Two rival football players head to head .
A man wearing a black cap and black leather coat is sitting and reading a book .
A man wearing a black hat , coat and pants and a white shirt sitting at an outdoor table reading .
an older man reading a book at a table outside of a building .
An older man sitting outside reading a book .
An old man sitting in a chair , reading a book .
A man is skateboarding up a ramp .
A skateboarder hits a curve at the top of the skate park .
The man in a white shirt is skateboarding .
The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park .
The skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp .
A girl in a bikini , glasses and black hat laying on a white towel on the beach .
A girl in a black hat wears a bikini at the beach .
A woman in a black cap is laying on the beach in a pink bikini .
Girl with black hat and sunglasses lying on towel at beach
Young lady in bikini lying on the beach
A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench .
A child jumping off bleachers with a blue shirt .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air .
A girl jumps in the air .
A blond girl in shorts sits on the top of monkey bars .
A girl on monkey bars .
A girl sits on a red jungle gym .
A girl sits on a red play structure
A little girl on a red jungle gym .
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .
A rollerblader on a concrete form .
A skateboarder in the city .
A skateboarder skates on a white wall near the street .
The young man with black pants and a white t-shirt is riding along the top of the wall with his skateboard .
A baby reaching into a water fountain .
A baby sticking out his tonge while looking at a spraying water fountain .
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
A small boy is playing at a water fountain
A toddler plays in a water fountain with his mouth open and ready for a drink .
Motorcycle racers take a sharp turn .
Motorcyclists racing on a track .
People on motorbikes are coming around a turn .
Riders on colorful motorcycles lean into a turn on a racetrack .
The motorcyclists all turn together in the race .
Two boys and a dog playing catch in the water .
Two men and a dog are playing with a ball in front of the boats in the ocean .
Two men and a dog are playing with a ball in the water .
Two men toss a ball while standing in the water and a dog is with them .
Two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball .
A man is wakeboarding behind a boat .
A man on a white waterskiing ramp on a lake
A speed boat pulling a waterskier along a jump
A water boarder being towed down a water rail .
The man is being pulled behind a boat and doing tricks .
A man in a blue shirt looking to his right .
A man looks confused as he stands in front of a blue and white umbrella .
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face .
A white guy giving a dirty look .
A young man in a blue shirt sits in front of a group of blue and white umbrellas .
A black and white dog with a spotted face is running through a dirt field .
A dog is running .
a dog runs across the ground .
A white and black dog is running over dirt .
The black and white dog trots through the dirt .
A body of water at sunset .
A sunset over a lake .
A sunset sky over rippling water .
A water scene with a sunset in the background .
This is a beautiful sunset on the water .
A child plays on the floor .
A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk .
A small girl is sitting on the cement dropping some chalk
A young child plays with sidewalk chalk by dropping it on the gound .
A young girl throwing her pink chalk .
a lone surfboarder on a white surfboard flying through the air over a wave
An surfer airborne over a wave .
A surfer is jumping a wave .
A surfer jumps a wave .
Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
A dirt biker leaps through the air .
A person on a motorcyle does a stunt in the air .
Man on a dirt bike
Motocross rider during jump wearing black and white striped helmet
The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees .
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
Two dogs peeing on a fire hydrant .
Two dogs pee on the fire hydrant .
Two dogs urinating on a red fire hydrant .
A bald headed man in black balances his skateboard on a cement wall and his shadow follows .
A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him .
A skateboarder wearing a black shirt is doing a trick .
Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing .
The man is skateboarding .
A boy performs a trick on his skateboard on a rail .
a skateboarder grinds a red rail .
A teenage boy grinds across a bar on his skateboard .
A young man skateboards off a pink railing .
The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar .
A greyhound wearing a yellow jacket runs a race .
A greyhound wearing number 8 is racing .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Two greyhounds with numbers run in a race on a track .
two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track .
A little baby plays croquet .
A little girl plays croquet next to a truck .
The child is playing croquette by the truck .
The kid is in front of a car with a put and a ball .
The little boy is playing with a croquet hammer and ball beside the car .
A little boy drinks water from a fountain while another little boy watches and makes a face .
An older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches .
Two boys are at an outdoor water fountain .
Two boys are getting drinks out of a water fountain .
Two boys stand near a drinking fountain as one takes a drink .
prarie dogs that are spotted with , brown black and white
A group of coyotes look away from the camera while standing in a dry field .
Four dogs are standing in a dry grassy field .
Four multicolored dog like animals in a dryed grass field .
Four wild dogs in a dry field .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
a young boy jumping from a bunk bed on a smaller bed .
A couple of smiling little boys ride together in a plastic chair-swing , one on the other 's lap .
Children swinging on a blue swing in the park .
The two children swinging together on a swing .
Two little kids laugh on a blue swing .
Two smiling , small children , one child holding the other on a swing .
a lone bicyclist jumping in the air over a ramp .
A man does bike jumps in the dark in an empty pool .
A man is doing a trick on his bike in a skatepark .
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
A person on a bike in the air over a ramp .
Airplane controller is outside white airplane .
A man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip .
Men are standing near a small plane on a runway .
the dashboard of a small plane .
The gauges of a small flying vessel , with another plane and three people in the background .
A group of men hold a drum over their heads with a man standing on it .
A man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others .
Man without shirt standing on top of a drum that people are holding in the air .
One musician is standing on a musical drum which has been lifted in the air by a few people at the concert and another musician is playing another musical instrument .
The long haired man is balancing on a drum that is being carried by men in white shirts .
A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .
A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings .
a woman sitting down with her hand proped under her chin
A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right .
The woman is resting her head on her hand and sitting in a crowded area .
Four kayakers and canoers near a rock wall .
Four kayakers on a moutain stream .
four kayakers paddle through the water .
Four people are kayaking in a river .
Four people , in colorful kayaks , are on the water on a sunny day .
A biker jumping extremely high .
A guy flipped over upside down on a bicycle .
A man rides off of a jump and does a trick in air .
An extreme mountain biker making a leap across rough terrain in the woods .
The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump .
A boy is skateboarding in a skateboard park .
A young skateboarder rolls down a graffiti-covered ramp .
skateboarder sliding down a ramp
The rider skates down the stair rails .
The skater is descending the wooden wall beside the slope .
Two blond dogs fight in a living room .
two brown dogs playing around with each other in a house .
Two dogs bite each others faces inside of a house .
Two dogs biting at each other .
Two dogs play rough with each other indoors .
A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots running down the street
A little girl in a yellow dress is prancing down the sidewalk .
A little girl in pink boots runs down the street .
A young girl in a dress runs along a street toward the camera .
The little girl in the yellow dress and the pink boots strides down the sidewalk .
A girl in a yellow dress jump ropes .
A girl skips rope .
A girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope .
A little girl in a yellow dress jumping rope .
The little girl in the yellow dress is jumping over a red and green rope .
A guy is pointing with a girl sitting beside him .
A man and a woman are smiling
An Asian man and woman smile while the man points to something to the right of the picture .
There is an Asian man and woman , both smiling , and he is pointing at her .
two people laugh .
A dog staring at the end of an ice cream cone .
A shaggy white dog eyes the remaining part of an ice cream cone .
A white shaggy dog wants a bite of its owners ice cream cone .
Dog looking at food being held by person .
The shaggy dog is looking at the last of an ice cream cone .
A bicycle stunt jump is being perforced in a city .
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp .
A Man is jumping his bicycle over a pyramid .
A young boy is in the air after turning a trick on his bike on a pyramid ramp .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid .
A female in blue jeans sitting with luggage against a wall
A girl sits against a white wall with her belongings beside her .
A woman sits against a wall in a fancy building .
A woman with blond hair is sitting in a room or hallway with her luggage .
A young blond woman rests next to some luggage .
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf .
a girl in along grass field is spinning some yellow material around her .
A woman in a field enjoys her clothing being blown by the wind .
A young woman in a sunny meadow watches her yellow scarf blow in the wind .
Woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
A guy rowing a yellow canoe down a river .
A lone , yellow canoe being paddled through a river .
A man on a scenic canoe trip .
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded , mountainous area .
Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river .
A couple are walking along a street while the man carries a toddler over one shoulder .
A couple is walking away while an infant sleeps on the father 's shoulders .
A man carries a child while he walks with a woman .
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .
The man walking next to the woman up the steps has a sleeping child on his shoulder .
A man doing a skate trick on a metal railing .
An inline skater going down a handrail
a rollerblader grinds a rail .
A skateboarder at dusk .
Boy skating on a railing in a parking lot .
A group of kids float in the middle of a pond .
A group of people are paddling their way across the water .
Children float on the water in a raft .
Eight children wearing life jackets are in the water on a raft made of innertubes and noodles .
Some children are sitting on rafts in a lake .
A man and a child going down a water slide .
A man carries a little boy down a water slide and makes a big splash .
A man holding a boy on a raft .
A man holds up a child while sitting in a pool of water situated on a tarp and grassy field .
Two people go down a water slide on a raft .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
A biker on top of a shallow hill attempts a trick nearby a gate and grassy area .
A man stands on the front wheel of his bicycle , doing a trick .
A person does tricks on their bike .
Man is performing a trick with a bicycle on a ramp .
A boy jumping ridding a skateboard wearing blue jeans and a red t-shirt with a building in the background with many windows .
A person on a skateboard jumps in a curve on the sidewalk .
A skateboarder in a red shirt .
Boy in a red , white and blue shirt skateboarding .
Boy skating on skateboard , photographed from low angle .
A boy getting a shower
A man is taking a shower .
A man sticks his tongue out in an outdoor shower .
A man takes a shower outdoors and looks up to stick out his tongue .
The man is standing under a shower with his tongue sticking out .
A bike racer hold up a hand while riding a motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle riding on a track and waving .
A professional motorcycle racer raises his arm in victory .
A racer on a motorcycle lifts one hand in the air .
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm .
A brown and white dog bares his teeth and grabs the head of another brown and white dog .
One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow .
Two brown dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two golden dogs fight with each other in the snow .
An Asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by .
An Asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city .
A woman in a white shirt standing beside a road fanning herself .
A woman waits at the side of a busy road holding a fan .
A woman with a fan near the street .
A black dog and a black and white dog are running in dirt .
A black dog and a black and white dog are running on sandy ground .
Two dogs running on wet sand .
Two dogs , one black , the other black and white runs on the beach .
Two large dogs run in the sand .
A boy in a green uniform is kicking a soccer ball in a game while two others stand behind him .
Boys play soccer near a goal post .
Some children are playing soccer on a sports-field by the goal .
The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball .
three boys play soccer .
A dog and a man wade into the lake .
A dog jumps in the air next to a man on the beach .
a dog jumps to his owner .
A man and a dog .
a man walking on a rocky shore with a tan dog jumping next to him
A race cars muffler catches on fire .
A race car sparks .
A sports car with flames coming out the exhaust .
The blue and white race car has flames coming out of its tail pipe .
The white racing car has fire bursting from its exhaust pipe .
A dark-skinned man is jumping in the air during a sports game .
a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
A soccer player dressed in red takes a leap in the air as his teammate looks on .
Athlete running on field , blurred athletes running in background .
This is a soccer game with one team dressed in red and black .
A man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water .
A man parasails on the choppy sea , with a board on his feet to catch the waves .
A man waterskis while being pulled .
A windsurfer on the water .
Man waterskiing in the blue ocean .
A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience .
A man does a jump trick on a bike .
A man in the air on a BMX bicycle , with 4 people sitting watching him in front of an EASTPAK banner .
A stunt-bicyclist flies above onlookers .
Person on a bicycle jumping high in the air over the sign that reads EASTPAK , others look up at him .
people playing , basketball ball in air
A group of boys play basketball outside of a brown building .
Three people stand on a basketball court as a ball flies through the air .
Three teen boys playing basketball outside
Three teens watching a basketball in the air .
A crowd of people in orange vests looks on as a fireball rises into the sky at an airport .
A group of people watching a large explosion .
A group of people wearing orange vests watch a large fire near a helicopter .
People dressed in hi viz jackets are watching a helicopter fly past an explosion .
The crowd is watching the fiery explosion .
A little boy leans over a bridge while someone holds onto him .
An Asian boy is holding onto the metal railing of a wooden bridge .
A young asian boy wearing cargo pants stretches on the railing to a bridge .
A young child leans against a rail on a crowded wooden bridge .
Small asian boy leans over bridge railing while being held
A colourfully dressed and painted woman working a hula hoop in a crowd .
A woman in purple pants is using a green hula hoop .
a woman wearing purple and green is spinning a green hula hoop around her waist .
A woman with jewels on her face wearing a green sports bra and purple pants is hula hooping in a crowd .
Costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd .
A boy chases after a bird on a pier .
A boy in a yellow shirt is looking at a bird on a wooden boardwalk
A little boy in a bright yellow shirt and blue jeans is looking at a pigeon .
A little dark-skinned boy in a yellow , number 21 jersey sees a pigeon .
A young boy runs along a boardwalk towards a pigeon .
A guy in red jumping .
A man jumping on the hard ground .
A man leaps into the air .
A person jumps outside .
A person wearing a red shirt jumps high above a rocky and grassy field .
A male rollerblader wearing a green shirt and hat grinding down a green rail .
A man is rollerblading down a handrail on some stairs .
A person wearing Rollerblades slides down a handrail .
A skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs .
rollerblader in green shirt and hat , slides down a green handrail next to steps
a person doing the backstroke in a swimming pool
A person swimming in a swimming pool .
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
Swimmer does backstroke in swimming lane .
The arm of a swimmer rises from the water inside the striped lane marker .
A man in a yellow and yellow shirt puts his arm around a man in a blue shirt .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a blue shirt and tie posing for a picture .
Two employees pose for a picture .
Two guys , one black and one white , smiling for the camera .
Two men each have one arm around each other and are in formal dresswear
A cyclist wearing blue and yellow riding past trees .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet racing in a race .
A man in blue rides a bike in a race in the forest .
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .
The man is riding a bicycle through the forest .
A brown and white dog carries a brown and white dish towel in his mouth .
A brown and white dog with big brown eyes with a dishtowel in his mouth on a hardwood floor .
A dog looking at the camera with a piece of cloth in its mouth .
Pink eyed boxer dog carrying a pillowcase .
PitBull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth .
A closeup of a man riding his bicycle through the forest .
A man in blue and pink is on a bike .
male biker bikes through the woods .
Man rides bike while grimacing .
Man riding a bicycle with the number five thousand six hundred thirty three on the handlebars he has on a black helmet .
A greyhound dog running in a race with identifier number six .
A racing dog wearing a yellow jersey with number six .
A running greyhound
Gray , dappled dog with muzzle and yellow shirt marked 6 , runs on track .
Greyhound dog in yellow jersey and running on a dirt track .
A boy rides his skateboard across a pipe on a building .
A child on a skateboard flies through the air , alongside a building .
A skateboarder grinds along a pipe beneath a fire escape .
A skateboarder jumping in front of a building .
A skateboarder rides down a city street .
A man sits in an airplane seat holding a young girl in his arms , surrounded by other passengers .
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man 's lap as they ride in an airplane .
A young girl falls asleep in her father 's arms while seated on an airplane .
Little girl sleeping in crowded airplane
Young girl wearing a pink sweater sitting on a man .
A man riding a three wheeled vehicle topples over .
A person on a tricycle .
I man is riding a 3 wheeled pedal bike and is airborne .
Person in a 3-wheeler driving on 2 wheels .
Someone is riding a three-wheeled vehicle throught a sandy playground .
A dog wearing the number four runs in a race .
A greyhound sporting number 4 is racing .
A greyhound with a green racing bib and a muzzle runs on a track .
A professional racing dog running
A tan greyhound , number four , is running at the track .
A bunch of football players on top of each other .
A group of people playing football form a big pile .
A referee is watching a professional football game in the grass .
Football players in the middle of a play .
Football players making a tackle with the referee in the foreground .
A man is on a sailboard with a green and clear sail in the middle of the ocean .
A man is parasailing in the ocean with a clear sky .
A man sailing , tilting it on the ocean .
A person rides a white and green sail board across the water .
Someone having fun on their surfboard in the clear blue ocean .
A man on a bicycle in the city .
A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city .
A young man doing bicycle tricks in an urban area .
Man standing on a bike downtown .
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city .
A team of girl soccer players are running down the field chasing the ball .
A team of girl 's soccer players in red uniforms run for the ball .
Girls run for the soccer ball during a game .
Kids playing soccer .
Young girls playing soccer .
a small black dog biting a ladies two fingers on a beige couch
A small black dog chews on fingers .
A small dog bites a ladies fingers .
Small black dog biting on a person 's finger .
Small black dog biting the fingers of a woman .
A man is flying down a flight of stairs on his skateboard .
A shirtless young rides his skateboard over steps .
a topless man is airborne on a skateboard in front of a white building .
A young man jumps down a flight of stairs on his skateboard
Boy jumping steps with skateboard
A dog leaps in the air to catch a disc .
A large yellow dog leaps into the air to catch his Frisbee .
A medium sized white dog is jumping up to catch a small cloth Frisbee .
A yellow dog is jumping to catch a toy in a park .
White dog holding pink floppy Frisbee in mouth jumping with all four feet off the ground .
A female walking through grass .
A girl going towards a heard of sheep .
A girl walks toward a herd of sheep in the distance .
A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley .
a woman walks to the cows .
A young couple lying in bed .
a young couple lying on a bed together
A young man and woman lay on a bed , the woman makes a goofy face .
Interracial couple in bed making faces
Two young people are lying on a bed together .
A brown horse with a rider sitting on him is jumping over a blue barrier
A horse and rider , jumping a barrier on a course .
A person in white jumps a brown horse over the gate .
Jockey and horse jump over blue hurdle
There is a horse and rider jumping over a hurdle .
a brown and white dog is running through a white marker in a grassy field .
A brown and white dog runs through an obstacle .
A brown dog is running between two grey poles that are very close together .
An Australian Shepherd dog runs through an obstacle .
Long-haired dog moves quickly beneath two poles .
A football player is running with the ball .
A football player running with football under his arm .
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game .
One man in a blue jersey is running holding a football
The football player in black runs with the football .
A small dog carries a yellow ball through the grass .
A white and brown dog runs in a field with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .
White dog with a tennis ball in its mouth running through green grass .
a dirt biker turns across the dirt .
A dirt bike takes a turn .
A man riding a motorbike kicks up dirt .
A person rides a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer is taking a curve on the dirt track .
A dog wearing the number 8 leads in a dog race .
A greyhound with a yellow and black stripped jacked with a red number 8 on it is running on a track
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Three greyhounds are in a dog race at the track .
White dog with yellow and black # 8 jacket in front of pack of dogs in race
A brown dog bolts towards the camera , with his tongue out and mouth open .
A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background .
a dog running towards the camera
A dog with its tongue out of its mouth .
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway .
Two girls dressed in blue with a crowd in the background .
Two girls in blue sweatshirts are standing in a large crowd and smiling at something off camera .
Two girls laughing within a crowd .
Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping .
Two laughing girls sit together and one of them claps .
A man in a light blue cap smiles .
A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap .
A man with a blue sport hat and white sport jacket is staring with crowd nearby .
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on .
The man is wearing a blue hat .
A group of young women in skimpy red and black uniforms shows off black markings on their legs .
cheerleaders pose for the camera .
Five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose .
Five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .
Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .
a female hiker is looking at the view of some mountains .
A lady is standing on the edge of a hill looking at the Verizon .
A woman hiker stopped at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view
A woman in hiking gear on the top of a mountain , looking down at the valley below .
A woman stands on a mountain looking at others .
A minivan drives through a deep puddle of water on the road .
A minivan splashing through a flooded parking lot on a rainy night .
A rainy road at night .
Lights are reflecting off a city street in the evening during a rain storm .
Minivan drives down wet urban street at night , splashing water .
A boy in a denim jacket is smiling .
A man is dressed in denim and is smiling off camera .
A man smiles outdoors .
A man wearing a jeans jacket is smiling
A young man is standing outside wearing a black denim jacket .
Two girls wait on the street while wearing tight , barely there clothing .
Two ladies stand on a sidewalk wearing skimpy clothes and men 's underwear .
Two scantily-clad women on a city sidewalk .
Two women in skimpy outfits are posing to have their picture taken .
Two young women in tight clothing .
A brown dog up to its neck in water
A dog is almost all the way in the water and takes a drink .
A dog , possibly a basset hound , stands nose-deep in pond water .
A large dog wades through shallow water .
The brown dog is taking a drink while wading in the water .
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball .
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game .
Four men jumping in a basketball game
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
A skier in a yellow jacket is airborne above the mountains .
A skier jumps high in the air with a view of the mountains .
A skiing man in a fluorescent jacket jumps very high and it looks as though he is flying .
Somone is high in the air doing a ski jump .
The skier in the green jacket and white pants appears to almost fly into the sky .
A man in a black coat and hat sits by an old building .
A man with a black hat sits against a brick building .
An old man in a black coat and hat leans against a brick building .
Old man in black coat and hat sitting against brick building .
White haired man in black hat and coat sitting against brick wall .
A man holds a stick up for a dog to catch while another dog looks on at the beach .
A man plays with two dogs on the beach .
A man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs .
Someone playing with their dogs on the beach .
Two dogs play with a man on the beach .
A boy in a green soccer outfit hangs from a machine .
A boy in a green soccer uniform hangs upside down from a farm vehicle .
A child hanging from a hay bale loader .
A young boy is tilted over on a cart smiling at the camera
The girl is hanging off of the tractor equipment .
A congregation of people are worshipping outside of a temple .
A crowd is looking at a shrine while holding their hands in the air
A large crowd raises their hands in unison .
A room full of worshippers bows toward an extravagant display in the center of the crowd .
Many people stand with their hands raised .
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field .
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard , chasing a ball .
Dog on grass , running for red ball .
Small white dog chases orange ball
The white and brown dog runs on a field for an orange ball .
A man is leaning on a skateboard while holding onto a pole .
A man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
A man on a skateboard holding on to a kite
A man stands on a four-wheeled board attached to a harness .
Man on specialized skateboard being propelled by unseen kite
A little girl in a blue shirt is pointing at the water on the beach .
A little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach .
A young girl is looking at a body of water while an older male kneels behind her .
A young girl is pointing at water on a beach .
A young girl is standing on the shore and pointing to the ocean .
A man rides a motorcycle on a track .
A motorcycle racer is producing sparks by leaning during a turn .
A motorcyclist is turning a sharp corner on his red motorbike and is scraping it on the road .
A motorcyclist making a sharp turn .
The motorcycle rider makes sparks as he leans in for a turn .
a boy pushes a wagon full of pumpkins .
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .
A boy smiling , leaning over a wagon filled with two large pumpkins .
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
boy pushing wagon with two pumpkins in it
A man in blue and black surfs on a huge white wave .
A man on a surfboard jumping off the top of a wave .
a surfer is doing an airborne stunt whilst riding waves .
Man boogie boarding on wave .
man surfing
A man has a pink ribbon around his arm .
A man in a black shirt , covered in paintball splatter , makes a face .
A man in a sweatshirt in the woods .
A man looking surprised at the camera .
A man wearing a pink ribbon on his arm has been splattered with yellow paint .
A man surfing a small wave and another man on a surfboard paddling toward it .
A surfer jumps a wave as one paddles to the wave .
A surfer vertical in a wave with another approaching him
Two men are surfing in the ocean on a huge wave .
Two surfers catch a wave .
a boy squirts a squirt gun .
A family is playing in a pool and one of the young boys is shooting something with water .
A little boy is playing with a water squirting toy in the swimming pool as others around him watch .
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .
Children play in a pool while adults look on .
A dressed up woman is holding up a soda while having a conversation .
A female is wearing a big purple flower in her hair and has some beads around her neck .
A laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape .
A woman with a purple feather decoration in her hair and wearing caution tape
A woman with bright red hair standing on the street .
A dark-haired , grey-suited man is leaning on a silver pole .
A man leaning against a pole surrounded by people
A man leans against a metal pole .
A Middle Eastern man is standing with his back against a lamp post near to other people who are waiting around .
Several people are standing on a sidewalk near a man leaning against a pole .
A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman .
A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people .
a smiling topless woman holding a shell with many people surrounding her
A topless woman is holding a conch shell while a crowd looks at her .
Many people watching a performance
A silhouette of one dog chasing another dog .
A silhouette of two dogs running by a lake .
Two dogs are silhouette as they chase each other along the water .
Two dogs running on land along the water .
Two dogs running on the shore .
A boy is posing next to his scooter .
A boy stands on a scooter in an abandoned boardwalk .
A boy wearing a white top is resting on his scooter beside a concrete post .
A small boy on a blue scooter in an urban setting is pointing a finger at the viewer .
The little boy stands next to his scooter .
Two boys splashing each other in the ocean .
Two boys splashing in the surf .
Two boys splash in the big ocean .
Two children splashing in the ocean .
Two shirtless young people playing in the water .
A bicyclist is performing a midair stunt .
A biker wearing a white t-shirt is jumping over dirt hills .
A bmx rider performs a jump while holding the bike with just his hands .
a man is airborne behind his bike whilst holding onto the handlebars as he attempting a jumping stunt .
A person performing a bodyless bicycle jump over dirt ramps .
A man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle .
A motorcyclist is pulling a wheelie on a motocross bike as he rides it up a dirt track .
a motorcyclist wearing a red and white jacket popping a wheelie on his motorcycle .
Person popping a wheelie on a dirt road .
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road .
The brown dogs are playing with a blue toy together .
The two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths .
Two beige dogs are playing in the grass near a doghouse .
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a blue object in front of a building .
Two light brown dogs are tugging at a blue toy in front of a blue shed .
a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
A University of Miami player holds a football .
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
football players wearing orange uniforms are tackling a player in a white uniform
A tackle in a football game .
Three footballers in a tackle .
Three men are involved in a football game are tackling each other .
two players take down the player with the ball in a football game
two black dogs each with running on the beach with balls in their mouths .
Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier .
Two black dogs run through sand .
two dogs run across the sand near a boardwalk .
Two wet , black dogs are running through some sand .
A black dog is jumping through some water , while holding a stick in his mouth .
A black dog is swimming through water .
A black dog jumps in a body of water with a stick in his mouth .
A dog swims in the ocean .
Black dog jumping out of the water with a stick in his mouth .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards .
Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch .
Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn .
two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street .
A blond dog runs in the ocean surf .
A light blonde dog is running on the shoreline .
A white and tan dog is running in shallow water on a beach .
A white dog runs in the surf with his mouth open
A young dog is running across a shore .
A biker rides on a dirt road .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person on a BMX bike is riding on an outdoor course .
A person rides his mountain bike down a dirt road very fast .
Dirt bike rider jumping down the hill .
A boxer is being examined in his corner by a member of his support team .
A boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring .
A man in a red helmet has water squirted in his mouth by another man in a boxing ring .
A trainer giving water to a boxer in the corner .
Man spraying water into boxer 's mouth .
A boy in a red shirt and jean shorts jumping off a swing .
A boy is jumping off a swing
A boy is jumping off of a swing .
a boy jumps off a swing .
A boy jumps off a swing with his legs apart .
A black dog running on grass
A black dog with a stubby tale is running on a green lawn with houses in the background .
A large black dog runs along the green grass .
Black and brown dog runs over grass , houses in background .
The black dog is running on the grass .
A big , black dog with a red collar runs in the water .
A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water .
A black dog is running through some water .
A black dog splashes in the water
A black dog with a red collar is walking through water .
A man and a boy standing in front of a sign that says " HELL " .
Two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them .
Two males stand by a board that says HELL .
Two people stand next to a sign that says " HELL " made out of stars .
Two young men , one smoking , walk past a large sign that uses orange stars to spell " HELL " .
A mother sits with three children as they eat ice cream .
A woman and three kids sit on a dolly .
One adult sitting next to three young children eating ice cream on some steps .
The woman sat on the bench while the children ate ice cream .
Three children eat ice cream in a third world store while a woman stares into space .
A man loses control of his watercraft .
A man parasails on the water .
A windsurfer falls off his boat in the ocean .
The man was sailing in the ocean and fell off his boat .
The sailboarder is falling in the water .
A black and white dog is running between yellow poles .
A black dog running through yellow cones .
A dog is running in and out of a line of posts on an obstacle course .
A little dog running between yellow poles .
Dog in field with yellow posts .
A dog runs through the grass .
A dog with a muzzle in the grass and sunlight .
A grey dog wearing a muzzle runs over grass .
A grey dog with a muzzle running .
The furry black dog is sitting on the grass
A Greyhound dog is wearing a red jersey with the number one on it and is mid run .
A greyhound with a red shirt and blue muzzle on running a race .
A large greyhound dog races wearing a red shirt .
A white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it .
White greyhound racing as dog number 1 .
A child plays soccer .
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal .
A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer .
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal .
The little kid just missed a soccer kick for the goal
People ride on the back of a vehicle .
Several people are riding on back and sides of a car .
Several people crowd on a truck going down the road
This vehicle has people hanging on the outside as it is driving down a road .
Three boys riding on the back of a truck .
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope .
A crowd of children in white shirts , black shorts and white hats jumping rope .
A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
Several children are all engaging in excersise
A person is on a ramp on a skateboard .
A person on skies is up in the air over snow .
A person performs a snowboarding trick on a rail as a man crouches down to get a better view .
person on snowboard in the air doing a jump
Someone in white is performing a skateboard trick at night while a kneeling person watches .
A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt .
A man on a wakeboard is jumping over the wake and trying to grab the board with one hand .
A man performs a wakeboarding trick
a waterskier flying slighty in the air over a wave
A waterskier flies into the air .
A person is standing near a row of identical red and white bicycles .
A woman is standing outside near many bicycles .
A woman standing near a bike rack .
A woman stands near a row of identical red bicycles .
There is a row of red and white bikes all in a bike rack .
An elderly man sitting on a bench .
An old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her .
An old woman sitting on a bench , with people around .
Older asian woman sitting down while two people walk by her .
Older woman setting on a bench with people walking past her she is wearing a gray jacket and black pants .
A large dog sniffing a smaller dog outside .
Two blond dogs are standing together on a patio .
Two dogs are standing together on a patio .
Two golden dogs are standing on a wooden patio .
Two golden dogs on a wood deck .
A girl in a hoodie and bikini bottom is standing on the beach with a camera .
A woman in a striped hoodie holds a camera on a beach
A woman stands on a beach with a camera
A woman takes pictures at the beach .
A woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side .
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
The white dog runs through the ocean .
White medium sized dog is running through the ocean .
A brown dog is jumping over a fence and another dog is chasing it .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence and another dog follows him .
A dog jumping off a fence and another dog on the grass in the background .
A dog jumping over a gate followed by another dog .
A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence .
a dog jumps over a fence , while two other dogs watch .
One dog , apparently standing on the edge of a fence , confronts three others in a backyard setting .
The dog is on the fence
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence .
Two pitbulls fighting , one standing on top of a fence .
A man in a red uniform jumps towards a soccer ball .
A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him .
A soccer player hitting the ball with his head
Soccer player in red dives toward ball , blocking player in blue .
Two soccer players coliding as one tries to get the ball in front of the other player .
A cyclist is laying on his motorbike while in the air .
A guy on a motorcycle lays back with his feet up over the handlebars , high in the grey sky .
A motorcyclist is performing a trick in midair .
A motorcyclist doing a trick while in the air .
A person is laying down on his dirt bike while in the air .
A mountain biker , wearing a black helmet and shirt , in motion .
Dirt biker taking a corner
One biker wearing a black helmet riding on a dirt hill .
Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
The guy on the BMX bike is taking a sharp turn .
A football player runs with the ball , chased by members of the opposing team
A running back running with the football .
Many football players are running on the grassy field .
Men playing football .
Two teams compete in football .
a football player catching the football .
a football player in a brown jersey jumping up to catch a football
A football player jumps up to catch the ball while others run towards him .
Football players playing football .
The football player jumps into the air to catch a football .
a football running back getting tackled
Football player tackles a player who has the ball , as a third player watches .
One football player attempts to get the ball from another football player who is running .
The American footballer in brown is tackling the player in whit who is running with the ball .
This is a football game in progress .
A male bike rider wearing a helmet is on his bike and pointing at the camera .
A man in a red shirt sits on his dirt bike and points at the camera .
A man is sitting on a motocross bike pointing his finger forwards .
A man on a bike is wearing a helmet , logo shirt , and is pointing at you .
A man wearing a helmet points at the camera .
A disabled athlete is competing with his sponsored gear along a street lined with spectators .
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair .
A man with a helmet is racing a three wheeled bicycle .
A man with no legs is in a race with his wheelchair .
The handicapped biker uses his arms to move his yellow sports bike .
A man in a light blue sweatshirt walks down a dirt path .
A man is walking down a dirt road with a shop on his right .
A man on a dirt road in a small town
A man walks down an empty street next to a market .
Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side .
A child bouncing in a play and bounce .
A little girl is bouncing on a colorful inflatable gym .
A little girl with her hair flying up in the air on an air-filled toy .
little girl at play gym with hair flying in air
The little girl in white is bouncing on a multicolored inflatable .
A brown and white dog is running with a yellow Frisbee .
One brown and white dog with a green Frisbee in mouth and one brown and white dog by the fence .
One dog is sniffing the ground by the wooden fence whist another dog is carrying a Frisbee in its mouth .
There is a dog carrying a Frisbee .
Two dogs , one with a Frisbee .
A blue buggy is driving across the sand dunes .
A blue go cart in the dirt pointing downhill .
A dune buggy goes down a hill .
A dune buggy going down a sandy hill .
A dune buggy traveling on sand .
Two children are on a fairground ride .
two girls on a carnival ride
Two girls on an amusement park ride .
Two girls on an amusement park ride smiling and laughing .
Two girls riding on an amusement part ride .
A black Mitsubishi is driving through a muddy puddle and spraying water .
A blue car splashes mud on a dirt road while driving through a puddle .
A blueish green car on a dirt road splashing water on the left .
A dark blue car going through a muddy road and sprinkling some to the side .
There is a blue car on a road in the roads splashing through a puddle .
A business man is reading on a subway
A man on the subway holds his bags and looks at a book .
A man reads a book on the subway .
A man wearing sunglasses is standing on a metro train reading a book .
Man dressed in black suit and tie reads a book while waiting on the subway .
a dirt biker stands in the sunset .
A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset .
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
The man is on a bike and sitting in front of the sunset .
The man sat on the dirt bike as the sun sets in the distance .
A black and white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack .
A man on a motorcycle is racing on a track .
A motorcycle racer speeds down a track .
A orange , white , and black motorcyclist racing .
A professional motor racer in motion .
A brown and white dog is jumping on the couch next to someone with blue slippers .
A dog jumps toward a couch
A jack Russell terrier is jumping onto an orange sofa .
A little dog attempts to jump on an orange couch .
the dog is jumping on to the couch
A BMX biker flies in the air off of a ramp .
A bmx rider rides up a jump and into the air .
A boy on a bike descends a half pipe .
A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp .
Bicycle rider airborne on a ramp .
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart .
A man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench .
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
A man is asleep on a bench in the subway .
A man sleeping on a bench in a subway station .
A man going skating down a slide while two kids look on .
A skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .
A skateboarder is skating down a very steep ramp in a skate park .
Kids play on a skateboarding ramp in front of some trees .
Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park .
A black dog leaps for a ball held by a man .
A man is playing with a black and white dog .
A man wearing glasses and his black and white dog wearing a black collar are playing with a tennis ball .
Man holding a ball while a dog jumps up for it
Man with dog who is jumping to catch tennis ball .
A girl in a blue and white uniform tags someone in a black and red uniform .
A girl is catching a baseball before an opponent touches base .
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in her mitt .
Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game .
Two people playing ball on a field .
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A yellow dog chases a red Frisbee next to a black pot .
Grayish dog is playing Frisbee in the yard .
The yellow dog is trying to catch a red Frisbee .
2 People with white hats looking over the mountain
A group of people sit at the top of a cliff and look over the side .
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside looking at the view , one using a pair of binoculars .
Three men sitting on a hill looking at the mountains and sky .
Three people sit and look at mountains .
A dog rounds a corner with his tail up , after exiting a yellow and orange tube .
a husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course .
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course .
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube .
A white and black dog rushes out of an orange tunnel .
A closeup of a white bunny .
Closeup of a white bunny with another white bunny and black horse in the background .
Rabbit rests on grass , another rabbit and fenced horse in background .
Two white bunnies are outside on the grass .
Two white rabbits sit on the green grass .
A group of little boys play football in uniforms .
Children in uniforms , pads and halmets play football
Four children , in uniforms of two different teams , are playing football .
Four young boys dressed in uniform play football .
Two boys ' football teams compete on the field .
a man in a green shirt and cap puts his hands on a table as he stands next to man wearing headphones around his neck .
A man wearing a white shirt is sitting next to a man wearing a green shirt .
One man has his hands outstretched while another has headphones around his neck .
There is a guy with headphones around his neck next to a guy in a hat looking off screen .
Two men are sitting indoors , one of them has headphones .
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field .
a soccer player in blue , runs .
Man in blue and white shorts playing a sport .
Soccer player in blue is wiping his mouth with his shirt .
Soccer player wipes face with blue jersey .
A boy holding a ball falls down in front of another boy who has his arms reaching out while an older man in a green shirt smiles and watches .
A soccer player just caught the ball in front of the goal
Boys playing ball on grass while man in green shirt watches
Three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball .
Two adolescents play football in a residential yard while an older man watches .
A man surfing on a big green wave .
A person is surfing a big wave .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
A surfer rides a green wave .
A surfer rides out the green and white waves .
A brown dog is chewing on a white rug whilst standing on a red carpet next to a checkered floor .
A brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal .
A brown dog with a white covering in its mouth
A dark brown dog chews on something white and fluffy .
A dog tugs on a piece of fabric .
Three brown dogs on the patchy grass .
Three tan dogs are outside , one licks the other 's nose .
Two dogs are nose to nose while a third dog stands next to them .
Two dogs touching noses near another dog .
Two tan dogs smell each others faces .
A football game is played .
Two football teams play a game .
Two football teams playing a game
Two football teams play on the field .
Two teams of football players about to start a game .
two children in swimsuits stand talking in a lake in the woods .
Two girls in bathing suits are standing in the water facing each other .
Two girls play in the beach .
Two girls wearing bikins are standing in the lake ,
Two young girls in a lake talking to each other .
A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp .
a bmx rider rides the ramp .
A man is doing tricks with a bicycle at a skate park .
A young man does tricks with his bike on a course .
Man on bicycle is doing tricks in an old building .
A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .
An bald elderly adult .
An elderly person with a brick wall int he background .
An older person wearing green is holding a burlap sack .
An old , wrinkley person in green in smiling .
A breakdancer is standing on one hand with a look of excitement
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage .
A person balances on one hand .
The boy in the black hat balanced his body on one hand .
The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building .
A man is climbing the mountain .
A mountain climber is seen on the side of a tall mountain .
A solitary climber on snowy , high mountains .
Snow covered mountains with a person walking up in the background .
The mountaintop is filled with snow .
A boy and girl in swimwear and arm floaters
a little boy and a little girl wearing water wings are running on a path beside a black fence ,
A little boy and girl in their swimsuits wearing arm floats .
The boy and girl are playing with arm floats on .
Young boy and girl running with water wings on
A jockey on a black horse jumps over a hurdle .
An equestrian and a horse are jumping over an obstacle .
A person wearing a navy jacket and black hat jumping over a small partition on a horse .
A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence .
A woman on a horse jumps an obstacle .
A man floating in the ocean .
A man has jumped from a surfboard up into the air .
A person above their surfboard on the water .
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
The surfer lost his board and is about to fall into the sea .
A female tennis player swings for the ball .
A woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit .
A woman swinging a tennis racket on the court .
The tennis player dressed in white swings the racket .
The woman is dressed in all white swinging a tennis racket .
two black dogs running down either side of a paved pathway
Two distant black dogs running across grass at camera , alongside a path .
Two dogs bound across the grass next to a road .
Two dogs running in the grass along a pathway that leads to a building .
Two dogs run on either side of a road opposite from one another .
A man in a suit waits for the subway
A man with grey hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway .
Gray-haired man in suit , with blurry train station in background .
Group of people standing in a subway tunnel .
Man with grey hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel .
A black and tan dog rolls on his back in a field .
A black dog rolling in the green grass .
A dog rolls on his back .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A dog with paws in the air lying on grass
a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach .
A brown dog runs in the sand .
Black dog running across sand .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
A huge brown dog is about to attack a medium sized fluffy dog .
A very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly haired dog .
Dogs playing on the dirt path .
Two dogs chase one another on a gravel road .
Two wet dogs .
A boy is walking on a floor covered in graffiti .
A male walks on the graffiti wall .
A man dances on a colorful wall .
a man in a white t-shirt and cap is skating along a graffiti covered wall .
A man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti .
a couple of rugby players jumping in the air to get the ball .
A group of men jumping for a ball .
The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby .
Three different men grabbing at one soccer ball during a game .
Three men jump up for the ball in a sporting event as a crowd watches .
A group of men struggle to catch the ball in the air .
Three men react as a football flies overhead .
three men with football in air
Three men wrestle for a soccer ball .
Three rugby players grab for the ball .
A car with white smoke trailing behind it on a black topped surface .
A silver car being driven in a parking lot , while crowds watch .
A white sports car drives in a paved lot .
This white car is driving on a course with orange cones .
White car driving in an empty parking lot
A closeup of a girl with curly black hair smiling .
a portrait picture of a girl with brown hair smiling directly at the camera .
A young woman laughing .
A young woman with curly brown hair smiles into the camera .
Brunette woman running tongue over teeth .
A black car on the street behind wire mesh .
A drag racer speeds down a city street in a black race car .
A man wearing a helmet driving a black race car down the street
A person wearing a white helmet races in a black race car .
Someone drives a fast car past old buildings .
Dogs playing in the yard .
Five dogs play in a large fenced yard bordering a group of autumnal trees .
Four dogs are playing in a circle and one black do is walking away .
Four dogs in a circle on the grass in the distance and a black dog on the grass in forefront .
Several dogs of different breeds play in a backyard .
A bicycle gets airborne .
a bicyclist jumping a trick on a bike
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .
This person is doing a stunt on a bicycle , with one wheel on a ledge and one in the air .
Young man performing bicycle trick on loading dock near dumpsters .
a black and a cream dog run through a field in front of a blue house
A black dog and a white dog run across a field behind a house .
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house .
Two dogs together in a field of grass within sight of a beautiful home .
Two large dogs are running off together through the field .
A boy and woman sitting on a passenger train
A woman and a boy sitting on a bus .
People sitting on seats by orange pole
Two people in a subway train separated by a seat
Two people ride the train .
A girl is riding horseback .
A girl rides on a brown horse down a forest path .
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods .
A view from behind of a girl with a blonde ponytail riding a dark brown horse
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail .
a man dives headfirst into the water .
A man in a green swimsuit entering the water headfirst after jumping off a rock .
A man jumps off some rocks into the water .
A person falls into the water near some rocks .
A person is diving into blue water on a rocky shore .
The men are playing soccer while people in the stands watch .
Three men , from two teams , are in the air colliding and there is a soccer ball above them .
Three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball .
Two soccer teams compete .
two trams of soccer players playing a game on the field
A group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game .
A group of men playing hockey .
A hockey game is being played .
A hockey goalie lays on the ice and other players skate past him .
two hockey player teams playing a game on the ice
A blond woman is throwing a stick for her orange dog , who is leaping to get it .
A dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near .
A woman is holding a stick in the air , while a dog jumps up .
A woman prepares to throw a stick to a leaping dog .
A woman with a stick is playing with a dog in a red collar .
A boy running in a park filled with pigeons , watched by his father in the background .
A child runs among pigeons , while a man carrying bags watches .
A little boy in blue runs through a flock of pigeons standing on the ground .
A man and a boy standing around a bunch of pigeons .
Small child running through a flock of pigeons .
Men on horses in the rodeo try to rope in a bull .
There is a cowboy in a rodeo trying to lasso a calf .
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos ' .
Two cowboys riding horses attempt to rope a small cow .
Two men on horses are trying to lasso a bull .
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts and a man in a red shirt and white shorts playing soccer .
Two men fighting for control of a soccer ball as fans watch
Two players hustle during a soccer game .
Two soccer players fighting for the ball .
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball .
A little girl slides down a green slide with her arms up at a playground .
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl is sliding down a slide at a playground .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
The girl is sliding down a green slide .
A biker jumps an obstacle .
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
Man carries bike over obstacle
The biker carries his bike over the obstacle .
A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .
Two dogs are playing in a pool .
Two dogs are playing outside .
Two dogs wrestle in a kiddie pool .
Two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool .
A dog runs through a field .
A gray dog is walking through a grassy field .
A grey dog runs in a grassy field .
A greyhound is active in a grassy field .
The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field .
A group of men play croquet .
These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game .
Three men in white wait to swing at a ball .
Two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up .
Two men in white are playing a game while a man behind them walks towards them .
A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating .
A little girl eats an apple and sits in front of a map of the world .
A smiling child sits against a wall on a blanket and eats a snack .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
little girl sitting down eating ice cream
a man inside of a white subway train
A man sits by a window on a train .
A man sits by the window in a train .
A man sits in the window of a train .
The side of a subway cart , with one man in the window .
A dog playing in the ocean on the beach .
A dog walking through the water at the ocean .
A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves .
A dog walks on the shore of a clear blue ocean .
The white dog is walking through the water of the incoming tide at the beach .
A boy in a white t-shirt does skateboard tricks .
A boy in t-shirt , jeans and knit cap jumps up with his skating board , arms flung out .
A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park .
A skateboarder is airborne in a city green space .
Young skateboarder doing a trick in the park .
A brown number six race dog is slightly behind a black race dog on a track .
two dogs race across the track .
Two greyhounds race .
two muzzled greyhound dogs running around a track
Two muzzled racing dogs running along track .
A biker patiently waits as his friend bikes ahead of him .
A man in a leather outfit prepares to ride a motorcycle .
One motorcyclist speeds away from a parked motorcyclist along a drag strip .
Two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street .
Two people in black leather ride motorcycles .
A kid skateboards down railings of a large set of stairs .
An inline skater is grinding down a long rail .
A skateboarder in midair above a large staircase and handrail .
A teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing .
Skater rides skateboard down a long stair railing
A dog carries a stick in its mouth .
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth .
A golden dog has a long stick in its mouth .
A golden retriever is biting a branch in a yard .
A yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass .
A man controlling a dog sled approaches another dog sled team in a narrow , snowy passageway between two sets of trees .
Dogs performing a sled race
Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose .
Two groups of huskies are running in the snow , each group pulling a man .
Two packs of sled dogs meet .
A few men sprint across the grass in competition with one another .
A man in a grey shirt is winning a race in the grass .
A man leads the way in a race .
People running a race and the guy in grey is in the lead .
Two men running outside in a competition .
A person on a bike jumping over a bench in the park .
A person on a bmx bike , leaping onto a bench .
A person performing tricks on a bicycle in a skate park .
A person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform .
Jumping a bicycle onto a park bench .
A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball .
A man and a child are standing near a dog who is jumping .
A man and a small boy watch their small , white dog catch a toy in the air .
A small black brown and white dog catches a football in midair as a man and child look on .
Small white dog with spot on back leaping in air with football in mouth with small boy and man watching .
A girl riding a scooter near the beach .
a young child in a t-shirt on a bike stands in on a road in front of a beach , while others are on the sand near the water in the background .
The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area .
The girl rides at the ocean .
The little child is holding the handles of something .
A boy in football gear running with the football
A child runs with a football .
Child in football uniform running on grass .
The boy in the red jersey runs with the football .
The boy is clutching the football and making a run for a touchdown while looking behind him .
A human figure runs past a flower stand .
A person is running past a large display of plants and flowers .
A person runs by a flower and plant shop .
A runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop .
A runner is running past an outdoor flower stall .
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow .
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick .
somebody in the air on a board
Someone on a rooftop jumping on some sort of a board caught in midair .
There is a person on a snowboard up high in the air .
A crowd of people in colorful dresses .
A crowd of women wearing multiple different colors is entering a stone structure .
Many ethnic people in multi-colored robes gather for an event
Many women have gathered and are listening to speakers .
Many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building .
a brown dog is in a grassy field twisting itself around to see underneath itself .
Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field .
Two dogs play with each other in the grass .
Two grey dogs fight .
Kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background .
Kids play on rocks lining the coastline of a location with a nearby ferry .
Three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background .
Three children exploring the rocky shoreline near a riverboat .
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A child playing in some leaves .
A laughing little girl sits in a pile of leaves and tosses the leaves in the air .
A little girl playing in a pile of leaves outside .
a young child jumping in a pile of leaves
The small child is playing outside in the fallen leaves .
The boys draw in the sand with sticks .
The children are playing in the sand at a rocky beach .
Two men draw in the wet sand of a beach .
Two men in black shorts are in the sand on the shoreline .
Two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach .
A large wild cat is pursuing a horse across a meadow .
A lioness chases a black animal with horns .
A lioness closes in on its prey .
a lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain .
The lioness attacks a wildebeest on a plain .
A football player in a gold helmet is running with a football .
A football player in a purple jersey is running the ball in for a touchdown .
A football player runs across the field as the referee blows his whistle .
A football player runs past an official carrying a football .
The football player runs the ball past the referee .
A boy does a skateboard trick .
A man jumps in the air on his skateboard .
A skateboarder doing a maneuver in the air .
the skateboarder jumps into the air .
The young man catches some air while skateboarding .
A boy does a skateboard jump at a skateboard park .
A kid doing a trick on his skateboard .
A young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park .
A young man rides a yellow and black skateboard at the top of a ramp .
Kid doing skateboard trick with his legs split and board between them .
A group of guys play instruments outside .
A group of men playing brass instruments .
A jazz band plays outside .
Group of men play musical instruments outdoors .
men play saxaphones outside a building .
A brown dog is licking its nose .
A brown dog is on the green grass .
a brown dog licking his nose in the middle of some grass
A brown dog licks his nose while standing in green grass by the woods .
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera .
young , boys one boy is hitting another boy while the third boy smiles in the background
Two boys fighting in a dirt paved parking lot with another boy watching .
Two boys in blue shirts are in front of a grey car .
Two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a grey car and two other children .
two boys in blue shirts fighting in a parking lot
A man is performing a jump on his snowboard .
A snowboarder glides through the air .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
A snowboarder suspended in the air
A soccer player in red runs in front of one in blue .
Men play in a soccer game .
One man in a red shirt is falling , while another man in a blue shirt watches during a soccer game .
Two men are playing soccer on a grassy field .
Two men playing a game , running on a field .
A man dressed as Batman running in a race .
A man in a batman costume and a number on his chest is running with others down a street .
A man in a batman costume is running a race .
A man in a batman suit running .
The runner dons a batman uniform for the race
A female kicking a soccer ball while in front of a soccer goal .
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal .
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball .
A young woman wearing a red shirt stands in a soccer goal and kicks a ball .
The young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match .
A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike .
A cyclist carries his bicycle while jumping over a hurdle .
A man doing tricks with his bicycle .
a man jumps across an obstacle carrying his bike
The man is jumping through the air , while holding a bicycle .
A hockey player in red untangles from a player in white as he goes for the puck .
Two hockey players almost fall on the ice during a scuffle .
Two hockey players compete on the ice .
Two hockey players fighting on the ice .
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
A boy turning a somersault in his yard .
A child does cartwheels in the yard .
A child performing a cartwheel in a yard .
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown .
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel .
A group of people surf on a very large wave .
a group of surfers catching a wave
People surfing and attempting to surf in the ocean on a big wave .
Several people are surfing on a wave in the sea .
Surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset .
A brown dog standing on a beach next to a blue Frisbee .
A dog shaking itself dry next to a blue Frisbee near to a body of water .
A dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a Frisbee .
The brown dog is shaking itself off .
Wet dog shaking off water on beach
A little girl swings , a woman stands behind her .
a mom pushes her little girl on the swing .
A small child shows excitement on a swing set at the park
The girl is being pushed on the swing by the woman .
Woman stands behind young girl on swing set
A blonde girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes .
A girl in a black cape with a group of other children
A girl in a cape along with other costumed children
A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl .
Children in costumes standing in line .
Muzzled white dogs running .
Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item .
Two white dogs wearing muzzles jump over a white board .
Two white dogs wearing muzzles play in the grass .
Two white dogs with muzzles are jumping over a small barrier in a race
A man playing guitar sings into a microphone .
A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone .
An older man is playing a guitar and singing into a microphone .
Hawaiian man singing into a red microphone .
The Hawaiian singer belts out a tune .
a few different small cars racing around a track in the rain
A white car with headlights on .
Race cars at night in the rain .
Race cars driving through rain on a racetrack at night .
The cars are on a track , in the rain , at night .
a boy wearing orange jumps from haystacks .
A child in an orange shirt jumps off bales of hay while other children watch .
A kid jumps off a haystack while other kids watch .
The boy in the orange t-shirt is leaping of a pile of hay bales as other children stand and watch .
The boy wearing a red sweatshirt is jumping off a pile of hay .
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves .
a boy jumps on another boy .
A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near .
A little boy in the air above another boy on the ground where a soccer ball lies at his feet with the soccer net behind them .
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother .
Two children are playing , one is jumping in the air .
A man surfing a wave .
A man surfs , the foam right behind him .
A person in a wetsuit surfs a big wave .
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board .
The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
A girl in a bathing suit rides a swing .
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
A young girl with brown hair is swinging on a swing in a swimming suit .
child on a swing in motion
The little girl wearing a black swimsuit is playing on a swing .
A boy makes a jump with a dirt bike with the sun setting behind him .
A boy on his bike leaping over a hill with trees in the background .
A kid is doing a jump on his bike .
a lone bicyclist jumping over a hill .
A person in the air on a bike .
A climber scales a rock wall .
a lone rock climber climbing a rock wall
A rock climber climbs .
Man climbing up a barren rock face .
Man climbs crack in rock face at top left of frame , tree at lower right .
A dog jumps through a hoop .
A dog jumps through a hoop while the crowd watches .
A German shepherd breed dog is jumping through a hoop with onlookers .
A German Shepherd jumping through a black hoop in front of spectators
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A dog rolls on his back in the grass as two other dogs look on .
One pale dog is rolling on his back while two others stand nearby .
Three dogs are playing .
Three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment .
Three white and brown dogs are playing outside in a grassy area with a play set in the background .
A crowd waits outside a subway train , ready to board .
People standing in front of a subway train .
People trackside at a subway station by a train .
People wait as the subway pulls into a subway station
several people waiting to get on a train
A man is doing a jump on bicycle in an indoor skate and bike center .
A man is doing a trick on a bike in the air over a ramp .
A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp .
A person jumping with a bicycle over a ramp
a skateboarding ramp located in a room with multicolored graffti painted on the wall .
a dog runs across the grass .
A golden dog is running on the grass .
A tan dog leaping in a grassy field .
Brown dog leaps through field .
The dog is running quickly through the meadow .
A football player folding a football during a game in the mud
American footballers in yellow outfits are playing in a very muddy field .
A young football player in a muddy , yellow and blue uniform carrying a football with other muddy players run behind him .
Football players playing in mud .
Football players playing in the mud .
A surfer on a blue surfboard is falling off of it as he hits a wave .
a surfer rides up the wave .
Man falling off a blue surfboard in the ocean .
The surfer is in the wave .
The surfer rides a wave on a blue surfboard .
A middle aged woman in stylish clothes , holding a camera .
A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera .
A woman dressed nicely stands happily with her camera .
a woman holds a camera .
A woman in a white jacket is smiling and holding a digital camera .
A man doing a back flip off a box
A man jumps over another man doing a back flip .
Boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an American flag in the background .
One stuntman jumps over another stuntman who is doing a back flip from a wall
Two men doing some jumps outside .
A bearded man on a train
A man is sitting on a train resting his hand against his face .
A man sitting on a subway .
A man sitting on a subway looking at the camera .
A man sitting on public transportation .
A boy and a dog running on grass
A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field .
A child and small dog running .
A white dog and green shirted child running in the grass .
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
Two dirt bike riders in midair .
Two motocross riders race on a dirt track .
Two motorcycles jump over a dirt hill
Two off-road bikers compete on a dirt course on a sunny day .
two riders jumping on dirt bikes
A group of bicyclists racing .
A group of bikers pedal along .
Men in a cluster during a bike race
Several bicyclists are riding in a race .
Several cyclists wearing different colors riding bikes on pavement .
A brown dog is carrying a stick too big for him over grass .
A dog carries a large stick in its mouth over the grass .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth .
a large dog carrying a large stick in its mouth .
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick .
A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees .
A woman in a pink shirt and khaki shorts looks over a crumbling rock face overlooking a large forested area .
A woman in a red shirt stands on a monument above a forest .
A woman stands at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A woman stands next to a big , green hill .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
A baseball player argues with the catcher .
A pitcher and catcher celebrate striking another baseball player out in a pro game .
A pitcher and catcher get ready to hug after striking out a ball player .
The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .
Two professional baseball players during a game , one more in the background .
A boy in a creek throwing a rock .
A boy skips a rock in a creek .
A boy skips a rock in a stream .
A boy tosses a rock across a river .
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .
A group of people are walking in single file at an exhibit .
several people walking next to a concrete building with many archways
Students are going to class at a university
The five people are standing under three tan arches .
These six people are walking outside a building with columns .
A clown with a big hat riding a bicycle .
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race .
A man dressed in a white suit with a red cowboy hat riding a bike .
A person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail .
The man in the clown costume and hat is riding a bike
A child sliding down a orange slide
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide .
A toddler boy in overalls sliding down an orange slide
A young child slides down an orange slide .
The child enjoys going down the slide .
A man in a red soccer uniform getting ready to kick the ball .
A man in a red uniform plays in a soccer game .
A man in a red uniform runs towards a soccer ball on a field .
A player in a red uniform gets ready to kick the ball during a soccer match , as the crowd watches .
A soccer player in red uniform runs after a soccer ball .
A black dog and a goose swim in the water .
a dog and a redheaded bird are swimming in the water
The black dog is swimming in a lake with a white duck .
The white duck is swimming with a black dog
White duck with red face swimming
A boy jumps through the air onto something red .
A child holds its arm up and laughs .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed .
A dirt bike rider catches some air going off a large hill
A dirt biker on a sand dune .
A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike .
A man on a motorbike riding down a steep rock face
A motocross bike rider is riding his bike through a quarry .
A boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard .
A boy jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A boy skateboarding .
A young boy wearing a black shirt and brown pants practices jumping over a low bar on a skateboard .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
A child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black .
a girl looks at a woman 's face .
A little girl touches the face of an adult woman .
A young girl approaches an adult on a brick walkway .
A young girl with a worried look on her face touching a woman 's face who 's keeling down .
A girl doing a kick near a woman .
A girl in black high kicks over a jack-o-lantern .
A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick .
A girl kicking her leg up to the shoulder of a woman standing next to her .
A woman kicks at a man .
A man with a skateboard performs a trick .
A snowboarder does a trick on a railing .
A snowboarder grinding down a side rail .
A snowboarder is beginning his run .
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .
A boy in blue in trees .
A child in a jean jacket smiles while playing in a tree .
A young boy with blonde hair smiling while posing on a tree branch .
Blond , smiling boy in a denim coat , sitting in a tree .
Little boy climbing tree and smiling .
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl .
A girl is preparing to pour a bucket of water on man wearing a white shirt .
A girl is throwing a bucket of water on an older boy .
The little girl poured water from a bucket onto the person in the white shirt .
Two people are on a treated lawn playing with water .
A group of people dressed as zombies .
A large group of people with facepaint on gather outside .
Everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party .
Many people have painted faces at night .
people dressed up in zombie costumes are standing around .
A girl dressed in a red dress and another girl dressed as a pirate are playing around .
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose .
two girls dress up for halloween .
Two girls in red costumes play together .
Two little girls in red and black costumes are posing for a picture .
A man in a uniform costume stands next to a man in a horro costume .
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume .
people are at a costume party .
People at a costume party .
The bloodied man is a hit at the haloween party .
A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him .
A dirt bike in midair
A man on a motorbike in midair
A person is in the air on a contraption that resembles a bicycle .
Someone on a dirt bike , high in the air , near a building .
A guy in green is rollerskating on a narrow strip .
A man in a green shirt is skating on a railing .
A man in a white helmet and green shirt grinds on his rollerblades .
A man rollerblading on a metal bar .
Rollerblades sliding on a railing .
Two boys fight for the ball .
two field hockey players fight for the ball .
Two hockey players are trying to shoot the puck on the grass .
Two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey .
Two teenagers participate in a game of field hockey .
a boy visits a Amish community .
A group of Amish people are standing outside of a church .
A group of people waiting to go into a white building .
Amish looking people are outside a building , standing near a tree .
A religious sect gathered together .
A man is wearing a black mask and black clothing in a social setting .
A person wearing a mask .
a single man wear a black mask with several people in the background
Man dressed in black wearing elaborate black mask
Man with mask on raises hand .
A Miami basketball player .
An orange-clad Miami basketball player dribbles the ball while another man blocks
A tall black man playing basketball .
The basketball player is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
Two men play basketball ,
A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to .
A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked .
Basketball player holding the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball and looks across the court .
The man is wearing an orange uniform and holding a basketball .
A basketball player in orange has the ball while another in blue tries to block him .
A basketball player in orange is keeping the ball from a player in blue .
The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball .
The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform , who has the ball .
Two teams compete in a basketball game .
A white ad brown dog is running on grass
A white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass .
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass .
The small white dog jumps in the grass .
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass .
A basketball player wearing an orange uniform looks backwards .
The basketball player in the orange jersey is being guarded by the player in the blue jersey .
The basketball player looks around the court as another player tries to block him .
Two men from opposite teams playing basketball .
two men play basketball .
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
a man wears a orange jersey .
A Miami basketball player looks off in the distance .
The mans shirt is orange and has a United States flag patch on the shoulder .
The Miami basketball player is looking .
A man asleep on the ground at a subway station , holding a camera tripod .
A man holding a telescope and lying down on a train platform .
A man lays against a wall near train tracks .
A man rests against a cement pillar with his hands on metal equipment .
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway .
A dog can be seen from the inside of a car as it crosses the road .
A dog runs across the street in front of the car
An animal runs in the middle of a road .
Looking through a vehicle 's windshield at a dog crossing the road .
There is an animal crossing the road in front of a car .
A closeup of a man that is rock climbing .
A man cuts down a tree with an ax .
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree .
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe .
A man is scratching a rock with a red hammer .
A baseball player swinging a bat
A cricketer wielding a wears a white suit and black helmet with a face guard .
A man is wearing white and playing cricket .
Cricket player on field , swinging bat .
The person in the white uniform and kneepads is playing a game with a wooden racquet .
A group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance .
Three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery .
Three men sit on rocks in the sand while the man in the red hat and shirt looks out .
Three young men sit on rocks at the top of a mountian .
Two guys sit on rocks while another stands looking in the distance .
A redheaded woman looks behind her in a European courtyard .
a woman stamds in the middle of a brick road .
A woman with orange shoes stops in a square .
Lady in dark top , pring skirt , red socks and shoes walking .
Woman in long skirt in a town square .
A man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike .
A man wearing an orange suit riding a bicycle in a race .
A speed biker makes a sharp turn on his bicycle .
The biker is wearing a helmet .
The cyclist in the orange jersey turned a corner .
Men on horses displaying their flags at a joust .
Men ride on horses while carrying flags .
Men riding horses carrying flags in a jousting tournament .
Parade of men on horses with brightly colored flags .
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags .
A man in a yellow slicker holds a sign saying " down and out " .
An elderly lady in a yellow raincoat is sitting by a white building , holding up a cardboard sign to a car driving by .
Elderly woman in yellow parka pan handling
Man with a yellow coat and a cardboard sign .
Older woman in yellow jacket , holds sign saying " DOWN AND OUT " in urban area .
A man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background .
A man in a blue jacket holding a small white animal on a leash
A man in a blue jacket walks a small , white animal while a London Sightseeing bus drives behind him .
A man is on a sidewalk with a small animal on a leash .
An old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash .
A group of army members aim their guns .
military personnel dressed in fatigues and ear protection laying on their stomachs shooting guns .
Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles .
Military personnel shoot rifles .
People dressed in camo are bent down getting ready to fire their guns .
A group of cyclists race uphill on foot with their bikes on their shoulders .
Bicyclists are carrying their bicycles up a hill .
Cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill .
people carry their bikes up the hill .
Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
A girl in orange lights a candle .
A girl wearing orange is lighting a candle .
A young girl lighting candles among the flowers at a cemetery .
Girl in orange shirt lighting white candles .
A brown dog is laying in the snow .
A brown dog is laying on snow .
A brown dog lays in the snow while posing for a picture .
A brown dog playing in the snow .
a tan dog is sitting in some snow
Two dogs jumping on one another on a grassy area covered in leaves .
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves .
Two puppies are playing in the leaves .
two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves
Two small dogs , light and dark colored , fighting on leaves .
A band member jumps in the air .
A group of people jump in the air while playing music in the street .
A man in blue pants is jumping while band plays music .
People talk near stereo equipment outdoors .
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music .
A boy in a blue wetsuit is riding a surfboard
A boy rides a surfboard over a small wave in bright blue water .
A boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard .
The boy is riding a blue board in the water .
Two kids in blue wetsuits surf .
A black and white dog carries a ball toy .
A black and white dog carries a red toy through the green grass .
A black and white dog holds the handle of a large red round toy in a field
Black and white dog carrying a red ball .
The proud dog returns with the toy it fetched .
A man in a white shirt and jeans playing an accordion .
A man in white is playing a black accordion .
A man plays an accordion on a park bench .
A man plays an accordion .
A seated boy plays the accordion .
A man and dog walk down cement steps while a woman in a headscarf looks on from a seated position on the bottom step .
A man walks his black dog down the cement steps where a woman dressed in black sits .
A woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase , a bus behind her .
A young man walks his dog down some steps where a black-clad woman is sitting
One woman is sitting on steps another woman is coming down them .
A man plays a song on the guitar for his cat .
A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him .
A man plays his yellow guitar while staring at his cat .
A man , sitting by his computer , playing guitar to his cat .
The man is playing guitar and sitting with a cat .
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts .
A group of women with black shirts .
Four women in front of Odeon wear similar black , pink and white superman type shirts and jean skirts .
Girls in matching outfits , one holding inflatable toy , outside of ODEON building .
Girls walking in the street on a sunny day .
A brown and white dog licking its chops while sitting in a green room with a tile floor .
a brown dog is licking its lips whilst standing next to two empty feeding bowls .
A brown pitbull licks its chops as it waits for the empty food bowl to be filled .
A dog is licking its lips while sitting beside two feeding tray .
A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish .
A boy and a girl dancing .
A boy and girl are dancing .
a boy in brown shorts is dancing with a girl wearing a green hood in a wooden floored room whilst other children look on .
A little girl and a little boy are facing each other .
Two children facing each other are doing a dance .
A group of children are sitting on a raft wearing blue helmets and carrying paddles .
A group of kids paddle a raft made of sticks and rope .
Children paddle on a craft .
Children wearing life preserves and helmets , and holding an oar , sit on a raft in water .
several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards .
A man is waterskiing on one ski and jumping out of the water .
A wakeboarder leaps in the air .
A waterskier is jumping through the air whilst holding onto the line .
The man on the board uses the wave to jump high into the air .
A smiling woman with red lips wearing a white sweater and black hat is waving .
A stocky woman with black hair stands smiling and waving among dried corn stalks .
A woman in a yellow fluffy shirt waving next to dried corn husks .
A woman waving at the camera and smiling .
A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk .
A dog corners a little girl next to a police cruiser .
A girl playing with a dog near a police car .
A large white dog , a girl , and a police car in a driveway and an SUV in a garage .
A little girl is playing with a large , white poodle in the driveway next to a police car .
The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway .
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball .
A brown dog running after a red ball .
A dog chasing a pink ball .
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park .
Brown dog chasing a pink ball .
a group of people making excited expressions with their hands
A group of people who look very excited about something stand outdoors .
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
Several young people celebrate by clapping and cheering .
The group makes faces and hand gestures for the camera .
A man in a cast uses a camcorder while another man watches him .
A man makes a video while another watches .
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles .
A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event .
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera .
A man has bleached tips in his Afro style hair and is on a cellphone .
A man with black hair and blonde tips talks on his cellphone
A man with crazy hair is sitting with his fingers in his ears .
A man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call .
A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call .
a blonde haired girl in an Obama t-shirt is smiling at the camera .
A girl with long hair wearing an Obama t-shirt .
a woman wearing a t-shirt that says Obama
A young women wears an " Obama " t-shirt .
Woman in Obama t-shirt smiling .
A group of girls in cheerleader clothing tosses another girl into the air with an athletic field in the background .
A group of young women , one up in the air .
Cheerleaders throw girl in air .
Five girls cheerleading .
The cheerleaders toss their fellow member in the air .
A black and white dog looking up .
A black and white dog stares up into the sky on a sunny day .
A dog in a grassy field , looking up .
A dog looking up in a grassy field .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
Four guys playing soccer on the pavement .
Four people are playing soccer in a desolate field with a tree nearby .
Four people playing soccer at a distance .
Four people playing soccer on a brown surface .
four soccer players play on the pavement .
A man in a black sweatshirt holds up an Obama sign .
A man in black holds up an Obama 08 sign .
A man raises a campaign sign over his head .
An excited supporter of the Obama ticket for the 2008 presidential election .
An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
Three people with political signs .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A black man is wearing a brown shirt and a necklace .
A black man with a necklace is starring off camera .
A man looks straight ahead at night .
A man with black skin and short hair wears a necklace and gray shirt .
An man of African heritage is wearing a grey shirt and silver neck chain .
A black and brown dog chewing on a stick
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick .
A brown and black dog laying down and gnawing on the end of a stick .
A dog chews on a stick .
A dog gnawing on a bone .
A woman in a skirt walks down a path .
a woman walks on boards .
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
Several people in a park walking on a low wooden boardwalk .
The woman wearing the brown skirt is carrying a black bag along a wooden walkway .
A city square with a large red wall and people walking about .
A town square of cobblestones with many people walking through it
Average , everyday people walk by a facility .
Group of people on a brick plaza .
People walk through a square .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
A man walks in the city .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods .
a closeup of someone 's hands shooting a black gun
A pair of hands is shooting a black gun in the direction of trees .
A person in a blue shirt shoots a gun .
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods .
a large woman sits in a port a john .
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them .
A woman , wearing an apron , sits outside three portable toilets .
A woman who cleans out port-a-potties rests .
The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms .
A man talking on a cellphone is holding a blue banner .
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign .
The man in glasses carrying an Obama poster is talking on a cellphone .
The Obama supporter wears a black jacket and brown hat .
Yong man with cellphone and goatee holding Obama sign
A man wearing a Barack Obama shirt smiles for the camera
A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup .
A young man touts an Obama t-shirt .
This is a man holding a cup and wearing an Obama t-shirt .
This man is wearing a Barack Obama T-shirt and carrying a drink .
A couple of men in hats posing for a picture by a gas station .
Two guys wearing jackets .
Two men in hats pose together .
Two men wearing hats .
Two men wearing hats stand together and smile .
A car sponsored by Riwal is smoking its tires on a wet road .
A race car drives along a track in the rain
A racing car is driving around a wet track with its headlights on .
A small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track .
A sponsored race car is driving with lights on a wet raceway .
A man is raising his hand in the air and has a t-shirt with the united states on it .
A man makes celebratory gestures among a crowd at night .
man and woman cheering
People yell with their arms streched at night .
The man and one of the women have their hands raised .
A boy and girl bounce on a trampoline nearby a playground and area of foliage .
A little girl and boy jump on a trampoline outside .
Children playing on a trampoline .
Two children bounce on a trampoline .
Two small children sitting and jumping on a trampoline .
A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street .
A group of men and women are in wedding attire .
Line of women in white dresses holding red flowers
many brides line up on the street .
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water , with a field of dry grass in the background .
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .
A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland .
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below .
The dog is jumping into the lake .
A girl in a swimming pool playing badminton while a lady watches .
A woman in a pink bathing suit holds a badminton racket while another lady looks on .
A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool .
One woman sitting beside the pool while another plays badminton in the pool .
Woman playing badminton in the pool while another woman looks on .
A boy in black is jumping .
A boy jumping with a sunset in the background .
A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long sleeve shirt .
The child is jumping at dusk .
Young boy jumping with sunset behind him
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball
A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball .
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
A black man and a large , golden dog are on the beach .
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A man kneels in the wet sand at a beach near a dog .
A man playing with his brown dog on the beach .
Man and dog standing on the beach .
A man is bungee jumping from a platform whilst being watched by someone above him .
A man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing .
A person bungee jumping with the coordinator watching from above .
A view from below of a man bungee jumping
This man is bungee jumping .
a closeup photo of a small dog with a holey ball in his mouth .
A dog carrying a white ball .
A dog fetches a ball in a field .
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is carrying a whiffle ball outside
A man performs a ski jump in the snow .
A skier in a black top making a jump with a blue and white sign on pile of snow underneath .
A skier high in the air after a jump .
Man on skis attempting to jump over a snow pile
The skier is airborne after going off the ramp .
An ATV racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere .
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .
A person is riding an ATV through the dirt .
ATV rider spinning his wheels .
The quad runner goes up the sand dune .
Three boys in orange shorts are walking on the rocks beside a woodland stream .
Three boys in swimming trunks walk upstream .
Three men only in shorts walking along a river
Three people walking along a stream in a jungle .
Three people wearing shorts walk on rocks along the side of a stream in the woods .
a group of dogs pulling a sled through the snow .
A team of dogs are pulling a sled over snow .
A team of dogs pulling a sled .
A team of dogs pulling a sled down a snow covered road .
Sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest .
A man in yellow standing between two waterfalls .
A man standing between waterfalls .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls .
A person wearing a yellow shirt just jumped from the top of the waterfall .
A person wearing a yellow shirt stands between two waterfalls .
A black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field .
A dog is bounding through tall grass .
A dog jumps and runs through tall grass with an orange rope under its legs .
a dog jumps in the field .
A dog runs into an autumn forest with an orange line attached .
A swan unfurling his wings over the water with a second swan in the background .
Two geese in dark blue water one goose has wings outstreached the other is starting a dive .
Two swans are in the water , the one in front is flapping its wings .
two white geese on the surface of the ocean
Two white swans on the water .
A bunch of people sit in their jeeps on a dirt road .
A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path .
Many people are in a line of traffic and all are in jeeps .
Many villages in Jeeps fill a rural roadway .
Outdoor area crowded with jeeps packed with people , seen from behind .
A runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out .
one baseball player running toward a base with another waiting on the base
These two people are in baseball uniforms , making a play at base .
Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base .
Two people playing baseball .
A man in a flower patterned shirt is bowling .
A person bending over to pick up a ball at a bowling alley
People at the bowling alley .
The person in the white flowered shirt is bending down at the ball return in the bowling alley .
Two people at the bowling alley .
A blond girl with a poster poses with a black haired girl .
Two costumed women holding a poster entitled " prom night " .
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Two women hold a promotional poster from a movie .
two women hold up a flyer for the movie " prom night " .
A man and 2 women in dark clothing .
Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black .
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together .
Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf .
Young man with red stains on face , with two women , posing in black clothing .
A boy wearing full riding gear is riding his bike down a paved road .
A child wearing a bicycle helmet and uniform is riding a bike
A cyclist riding a bicycle on a road .
A young man in a bicycle helmet rides on a street .
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon .
A dog runs down a footbride in the fall .
A fluffy dog runs across a bridge near a forest .
a tan jump running across a narrow bridge .
A white dog is running over a bridge .
A white dog running over a bridge .
A girl holds a blow-up tiger while another girl is in a costume .
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
Girls sit in costumes .
The girl wearing black is holding a toy and is sitting next to a girl in costume .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
A man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him .
A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest .
A man steps off of a boulder .
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
A young man poses as he jumps in midair between two rocks in a highland .
Movers getting furniture through a window on the second floor and amused passers by .
People are pulling something out of a second story window
People are walking on a street outside of a building .
People holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor .
People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys .
A group of young men wrestle with each other wielding a floppy toy sword .
Teenagers are playing with a toy sword .
The three people are playing around with a fake knife .
Three men with mouths open and one is holding a fake sword
Two young men pretend to attack a third man with a colorful prop knife .
The man wears a white hat and poses with a blonde woman and a black haired woman .
Three people are dressed for a costume party .
Three people dressed in costumes pose for the camera .
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people
Three smiling people in various costumes .
A couple hug each other , while holding a toy tiger .
A couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger .
A couple with an inflatable tiger .
a couple posing with a plastic orange and white tiger
A man dressed as a safari hunter poses with a woman and his inflatable tiger toy .
A boy and a girl are dressed in colorful costumes .
A man in a red costume is talking to a girl in a Snow White costume .
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson 's ' Thriller ' video .
Two people dressed in costumes .
Two people dressed in costumes talk to each other .
A blond lady and an Asian guy have blood stains on their face and neck .
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture .
A man and woman dressed in costume pose for the camera .
An Asian man is dressed as an explorer is posing with a woman dressed up as a movie starlet .
Woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit .
a group of three people walking together .
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies .
Three people , faces obscured , standing in formal dress .
Two women in dark clothes are taking a picture with a man in a colorful coat .
Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away .
A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach .
A black dog and a dog that is brown and white stand in the water .
The large black dog and a small red and white dog are standing in the water .
Two dogs are sniffing each other while standing in a body of water .
Two dogs in the water .
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
two woman competing in a sporting event
Two women are playing a game with sticks and a small white ball .
Two women are reaching with sticks for a ball during a sports game .
Two women playing field hockey .
A group of speed skaters making a turn with a blue advertisement behind them .
Three ice skaters round a corner .
Three people racing on ice skates .
Three speed skaters racing down the ice rink .
Three speed skaters skating .
a lone surfboarder surfing a wave riding a white surfboard .
A man catches a huge wave on his surfboard .
A surfboarder going down a wave .
A surfer makes a turn on a wave .
The surfer is riding a wave .
A group of little girls jumping together in a backyard .
Several young girls playing on a trampoline with a blue covering .
Three girls happily jumping .
Three girls jumping on a trampoline .
Young girls play together with glee and joy .
A man is jumping on another man with a white face and long hair in a wrestling Ring .
A man performs a wrestling move on the wrestler in the rink .
A professional wrestler takes a flying leap onto another wrestler .
A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring .
People are watching the wrestler fall .
A driver is at the wheel of a race car .
A man inside a red race car gives a thumbs up sign .
A man is in a red race car while another man is at the back of it .
A man is smiling whilst sitting inside a red racing car .
A race car driver smiles and gives the thumbs up before a race .
A black and white dog in the grass holding a pine cone in its mouth .
A black and white dog is biting on a pine cone on the grass .
A black and white dog playing with a pine cone .
A dog eating a pine cone .
A dog plays with a pine cone .
A group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire .
A group of people are walking down a road passing by some barb-wire .
A group of people carrying bags walk near a barb wire fence .
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings .
A small group of black adults and children are walking on a brown surface .
A boy dances as another boy stands on a short brick wall .
Two boys are playing on very old architectural structures .
Two boys play outside a building .
Two people stand outside near an arched doorway .
Young boys playing in front of fortess gate
A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence .
A skateboarder in a light green shirt .
A young male wearing a blue shirt rides a skateboard in an outdoor park at night .
A young man skateboards at night by a fence .
A brown dog leaps in the air over colorful leafs
A dog is jumping in the air over some leaves .
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
A dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves .
The small brown dog is amidst the potted plants and fallen leaves .
A woman in a race turning a corner .
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .
Cyclist speeding down the trail .
Female cyclist riding on a dirt course .
Woman on blue bicycle wearing helmet
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire .
A brown dog in an orange collar shaking off water .
A brown dog is shaking off after getting wet .
A wet dog shaking off the water with an orange collar .
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off .
A woman and a man playing instruments .
A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin .
A woman in a plaid skirt is playing a violin in a park-like setting with other band members .
A woman in black tights is holding a fiddle .
A woman is playing violin in a plaid skirt and black shirt .
A female lawn hockey player hitting the ball
A girl in an orange uniform hits a ball in field hockey .
A girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey .
An athletic girl in an orange uniform is on a playing field of green grass and swinging at a ball .
A woman hockey player in an orange strip is striking the ball with her stick .
A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair .
A young boy is pushing someone with a broken foot into the hospital .
A young boy pushes a large man in a wheelchair .
a young child pushes a large man in a wheelchair .
The little boy is pushing a man in a wheelchair .
A dog in water carrying a long stick .
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water .
A large furry dog walking through the water with a big stick in his mouth .
The dog is holding a branch , swimming in the river .
The dog retrieves the branch from the water .
The boys dressed in athletic wear perform exercises on the grass .
Two boys are running around a field .
Two men are running side by side in a field .
Two men run across a field near a parking lot
two teenagers playing ultimate Frisbee
A boy surfs .
A young boy rides on a surfboard with light blue water behind him .
A young male surfing .
a young surfer surfs the large blue wave .
young boy surfing on blue water
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps .
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
a young man jumping through the air near a staircase
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air .
A black dog running through a long orange tunnel .
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel
A brown dog running through a large orange tube .
a brown dog runs through a orange tunnel .
The dog is running through a tunnel
one large brown dog running alongside a black and white dog .
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees .
Two dogs are running through a grassy area near tall trees .
Two dogs running in the grass .
Two dog with trees in the background .
A boy is jumping over a large hole in the ground .
A person jumping into a hole .
A wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch .
A young boy jumps in the air on a pathway under construction in the hills .
The little kids is jumping off a ledge and into the dirt below it .
a tennis player hits the ball .
A tennis player hits the ball and makes a serious face .
A woman in a green sport outfit is attempting to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball .
Female tennis player dressed in green hits yellow ball
A boy in a hat stands barefoot at the edge of a body of water .
a boy wearing red plays in the creek .
A person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves .
A young boy makes a splash in the water near the rocks .
The boy in the red hat and shirt is wading in the shallows of the river .
A dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth
A dog runs on brown grass .
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball .
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth .
The black and white dog is in the brown grass with a ball in his mouth .
Four children on stools in a diner .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
Four young children sitting on large bar stools next to a counter .
Four young kids are sitting on large stools at a bar waiting for drinks
A curious dog sniffs at grocery bags on a counter .
A dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags .
A dog standing on his hind legs has his head and front paws on the kitchen counter .
Dog climbs counter with red grocery bags
Dog on two legs leaning against a counter with filled bags .
A group of men play soccer on the field .
A man in a red uniform leaps in the air as one in a white uniform tries to kick a ball .
During a soccer game , one man is in the air while another has one foot down .
The soccer player in white is challenging the player in red for the ball in midair .
Two soccer teams are playing , one is in white the other in red .
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area .
A mountain biker jumps off of a fence while going downhill .
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees .
A person riding a bike in the woods .
Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing .
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road .
A man in shorts skateboards down the street .
A skateboarder in striped shorts skating down a street .
A teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean .
Shirtless , tattooed man rides skateboard down blurring street near beach .
A group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses .
A group of greyhounds racing with jerseys and muzzles .
A group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms with numbers run down a track .
Four greyhound dogs are racing against each other in a competition .
Racing dogs , wearing jerseys with numbers , run by .
A surfer on a wave with two others in the background .
Distant surfer rides wave toward shore , two other surfers in background .
Several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach .
Someone is riding a blue wave .
Surfers are riding their boards on large waves .
A man sits on the grass and drinks from a water bottle .
A man sitting on a soccer field drinking a bottle of water .
An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water .
A soccer player is sitting on the field drinking from a water bottle .
A soccer player sits on the field drinking water .
A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard .
A child turning a crank with benches behind him .
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area .
A young boy standing in a courtyard turning a crank .
Young boy turning a crank in the street .
A white and brown dog is leaping through the air .
A white and brown dog runs in a field .
a white dog jumps into the air .
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .
The white and brown dog runs across the grass .
A beige dog with orange vest running on withering grass .
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass .
A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit .
A light-colored dog wearing orange plays in the grass .
The white dog is wearing orange clothing and running through the grass .
A female tennis player readies herself .
A girl is getting ready to serve the ball in a game of tennis .
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball .
A woman wearing a white shirt and a short , black skirt is in motion on a green , artificial surface .
A male surfer is on his stomach and riding a wave .
A man on a blue surfboard is on a wave .
A surfboarder prepares to catch a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
Person riding wave on stomach on a blue surfboard .
Two guys running along a wall .
Two men holding their arms out from their bodies .
Two men in red shirts appear to be walking on the exterior walls of a decorative building .
Two men in red shirts walking on the walls of a white building .
Two men wearing dark pants and red shirts are leaping in-synch in front of a white building .
A black and white dog with a blue toy in its mouth runs on a grassy surface just beyond a fence .
a black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth .
A black dog is running with a blue bone in his mouth .
A black dog running with a blue toy in his mouth .
A dog is running with a blue bone in its mouth
A man in a yellow jacket is riding a horse through the mountains .
A man rides a horse , while mountains and clouds are shown in the background .
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background .
Man sitting on brown horse with mountains in background .
A boy in a pumpkin patch making a funny face with his arms in the air .
A boy in a Redskins jersey jumps up to scare a patch of pumpkins .
A boy is standing stretching his arms out whilst standing in a pumpkin patch .
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins .
A young boy in a red football jersey makes a large gesture as he stands in the midst of pumpkins .
A little girl playing piggyback with her father on a blanket in the park .
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
A man lies on a blue blanket with a child on his back .
A small girl sitting on a man 's back .
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for " Touchdown ! "
A girl in a colorful skirt and blue shirt pounces onto her bed .
A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt .
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed .
A young girl in a colorful skirt is in the midst of falling onto a bed .
Woman in multicolor skirt airborne above a bed with a multicolor bedspread .
Killer whales perform for a crowd .
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld .
Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd .
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch .
A child , held by his mother , slides down a water slide .
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool .
A woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool .
A woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap .
A woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool .
A brown dog is running in a yard .
a brown dog jumping through the grass .
A brown dog runs in the grass with a wooden fence behind .
A dog running in a fenced yard
Brown dog running on grass .
a dog runs for the tennis ball .
A German shepherd runs after a tennis ball
A tan and black dog chases a yellow ball .
Shepherd dog catches tennis ball
The German shepherd dog is chasing after a ball .
A big black and brown dog plays outdoors .
A black and tan dog leaps over the green grass .
A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .
A dog runs .
A German shepherd jumps left on patchy grass .
An elderly indian lady is wearing an orange headscarf and bangles .
an elderly woman smiles for the camera .
A smiling old woman in India is covered by a safron shawl .
A woman wearing an orange scarf smiles and looks at the camera .
Old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand .
A woman holding a child is walking through water .
A woman in yellow carries a child in the water .
A woman is carrying a child through a small river .
A woman is carrying her child while sifting through shallow water .
Lady carrying her child in the river .
A soccer player in a red and white uniform was chasing the soccer ball and was tripped by a player in a purple uniform .
The guys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in purple keeps the ball from the man in red .
Two soccer players are fighting over a soccer ball on a grassy field .
two soccer players kick a soccer ball .
An older lady dressed in winter clothes looks out over a white balcony .
A woman in a coat and scarf behind a white railing .
A woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail .
close-up of a lady in a coat and a purple scarf sitting on a blue chair
The elderly person enjoys sitting on the deck on cold but sunny day .
The three ladies stand at attention in their native garb .
Three people , dressed in green , orange , and yellow , holding hands with one another .
Three thin women in colorful dresses .
Three women in brightly colored dresses .
three women wearing bright colored dresses hold hands .
A large dog and a small one walk with their toys .
A small white dog is carrying something blue in its mouth and a bigger brown and black dog is carrying something orange in its mouth .
Two dogs playing outside near the water .
Two dogs play with each other outdoors .
Two dogs walking with their toys .
A man in a white helmet clings to a sheer rock face
A man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing .
A man with all his equipment rock climbing .
A rock climber wearing a white helmet .
Bearded man rock climbing .
A black dog lays in the sand .
A black dog sits in sand .
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand .
a black lab sits in the sand .
A brown dog sits on the beach .
A boy stands in a pool outside .
A little boy is playing in some water at a waterpark .
A shirtless child is bent over playing in shallow pool water .
a young boy playing in a pool .
A young boy plays in the water of a shallow swimming pool .
A baseball pitcher is bowling the ball .
A man playing baseball , throwing the ball .
A pitcher throws the ball .
Minor league pitcher
The guy is in a baseball uniform , in a baseball field , and is throwing a baseball
A looker on catches a motocross bike on its side after a spill while another races by .
A man on a dirt bike zipping away while another one slips to the ground and a third man in a yellow jacket looks on .
A man on a motorcycle making a tight turn
A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .
Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider .
A blonde boy and a girl in pajamas with make-up .
A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face .
A little girls puts her arm around a little boy .
a young girl hugs a little boy .
the little boy sitting next to the girl is covering his face with his hand .
A child is riding on a man 's back .
A man and a boy wrestle inside a house .
A man is giving a little boy a piggy back on the floor .
A man wrestling with a child on the floor .
a young boy playing on another mans back
the legs of two athletes playing soccer on a field
The lower halves of two kids playing soccer
Two guys in soccer attire chasing a soccer ball .
Two people play soccer while three people watch .
Two soccer players chasing a ball in the grass .
A black and white dog is carrying a blue ball through the yard of a house in a tropical location .
A black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard .
A dog plays with a blue spiky ball in the grass .
a dog plays with a toy .
Black and white dog has blue ball in mouth .
A brown white dog shaking water off .
A bulldog with a red bandanna shakes off water .
a dog shakes dry .
A wet bulldog shakes off water .
A wet dog shaking its self dry .
A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves
Little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves .
The two young girls are dressed as fairies , and are playing in the leaves outdoors .
Two small girls dressed as fairies .
two small girls walk along the leaves .
A greyhound in a race wearing a metal muzzle .
A white and black dog racing on a track
A white dog with a mouthpiece and a red collar running .
A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .
A white racing dog with a muzzle is racing around the turn of a dirt track .
A boy sits between two girls on a swing .
Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set .
Three people on swings .
Three people wearing green shirts ride together on the swings .
Two girls swing on with a boy , all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans .
a blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch .
Four people are cavorting on the rocks at a river 's edge
People stand by a rocky cliff with water below .
Three people on a rocky cliff over a body of water .
A man is wind sailing in the ocean .
A man stands on a sailboat in the water .
A man windsurfs near the beach .
A person is windsurfing in the water .
A wind-surfer in near the beach .
One small dog chases another across grass .
Two dogs run on the grass .
Two little white dogs with brown spots are running in the grass .
Two small white and brown dogs chase after each other in the grass .
two spotted dogs are running through a field
A skier doing a high jump from a snowy ramp near a mountain range .
A ski jumper enjoys winter fun .
A snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign .
a snowboarder is up in the air having taken off from a big jump in a tournament .
A snowboarder jumps off a large ramp in the mountains .
The two dogs are jumping .
Two brown and white dogs racing across a lawn .
Two brown and white dogs running across grass .
Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn .
Two small white and brown dogs bound in unison .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at night .
A man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street .
A skateboarder jumping a traffic cone .
A young man taking a jump on a skateboard .
The skateboarder does a jump near a traffic cone .
a closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants .
A distorted picture of two men walking in the street .
A man in brown pants has his picture enlarged and stretched .
A man wearing carpenters pants and a green hooded sweatshirt walks down the street .
A man with a dark blue jacket and brown pants stands beside another man in front of a building .
A man in a yellow helmet is walking with a yellow bicycle near a group a of protesters .
A man is walking alongside a yellow bike on a sidewalk .
A man on a street with his yellow bike
A man wearing a yellow and black helmet walks with his yellow bike .
a man wearing a yellow bike helmet walking his yellow bike along a sidewalk
A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk .
A person rides a moped while women sit on a bench surrounded by pigeons .
A street with pigeons , a motorcyclist and a woman on a bench .
The birds are in the street .
two woman eating at a table with a lot of pigeons on the street next to them
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
A dog is taking a dive into a body of water .
A dog leaps over the water from a rock .
The dog is leaping into the water .
A man looks at a woman and she smiles .
A man looks at a woman 's face while they talk .
a man stares at a lady .
A middle aged man is looking at the middle aged woman .
An older man gives a woman an amused look .
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind .
One man riding a surfboard and one man laying on a surfboard on light waves .
two surfers are riding waves in open water .
Two surfers on riding a small wave .
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves .
A bicylist riding in the mountains .
A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx bike .
A man rides his bike over a bump on a dirt path .
A mountain biker jumps a rock on a mountain .
Man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air .
Five small white dogs are wearing muzzles and running .
Five white and white and brown , muzzled dogs run across a green , grassy lawn .
Five white dogs with muzzles are running towards the camera .
Little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass .
Several dogs in muzzles are racing on the grass .
A girl with a short haircut and eyebrow piercing bites her finger and crosses her arms .
A very pale redheaded teen has her hand to her face thinking .
A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose .
A woman with red hair holds her hand to her mouth and looks pensive .
Woman with short red hair stands alone with a worried look on her face .
A dog runs through the woods .
A pale tan dog romps through a wooded area
A tan dog is carrying a small object in its mouth .
a tan dog running
A yellow dog is trotting through the leaves .
A man in a brown jacket and a white shirt looks to his side .
A man in a brown jacket looking off to the side
A white man in a jacket looks to his left
A young man standing in a crowded area .
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off camera .
Naked children play on the muddy riverbank .
Three boys playing in the mud .
Three children in rural area playing in muddy water .
Three naked children playing in muddy water .
Three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up .
Two girls in backless dresses .
Two girls in evening wear are looking back and smiling .
Two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses
Two smiling women in backless dresses facing away from the camera have their heads turned to look behind them .
Two women wearing bare-back dresses look over their shoulder for a picture .
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table .
A group of people looking at sound equipment .
People are inspecting sound equipment indoors .
People examine equipment .
Six people standing behind electrical equipment .
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .
A person at a computer , and five people in the seating area .
A person is sitting at a computer working while people wait .
A person working on a computer with other equipment with three other individuals in the background talking .
Several people standing around and operating computer equipment
A girl in a blue sweater with a white pattern is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A girl in a sweater diving into a pile of leaves .
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard .
A man in a blue shirt , black jacket , and glasses smiling with his arms crossed .
A man in a leather coat and glasses smiles .
A man in a leather jacket grins with his teeth showing .
A man wearing glasses , a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile
A smiling man wearing glasses and a leather jacket .
A man holds up an electronic device while he and another male look on .
A man takes a picture of him and his friend with his phone .
A man takes a picture of himself and another guy .
Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone .
Two men taking a picture together with the phone of one of the men
a blonde man looks at the camera .
The blond man looks at the camera while another man looks into his eyes .
Two men dressed in blue face each other .
Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd .
Two men , with sunglasses on their heads , talking .
A brightly lit urban street with lots of people walking across a street .
A busy city street as people are walking .
A crowd scene in a downtown area .
Blurry people walking in the city at night .
Many people are walking on a busy street at night .
An elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book .
An elder woman in a hat and scarf is looking through a book she has in her hands .
An older woman wearing a hat reads a book .
An old lady consulting a paperback book .
A woman in a white hat reading a book .
A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd .
A motocross rider doing a jump in front of an audience .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
The motocross bike is doing a jump in the air in front of the crowd .
The motocross rider does a trick in the air .
A bunch of bikes racing on a track .
A group of men on motorcycles round the corner on a racetrack .
A group of motorcyclists in a race .
A motorcycle race on a racetrack .
Numbered motorcycles round the turn on a racetrack with billboards in the background .
Two men are standing in a recording studio .
two men in a dim room surrounded by several computers
Two men looking at each other with computer monitors in the foreground .
two men stand behind a table containing computers and microphones .
Two men stand inside an enclosed area with multiple computers present .
A female wearing all black is speaking to a room full of people .
A gathering of people with computers and videocameras .
A teacher is standing in front of a small class while being filmed
a woman is being videotaped whilst giving a presentation to a group of people .
Lecture takes place in casual atmosphere .
A dog stands on his hind legs while another dog looks on .
The brown dog watches as the black dog jumps in the grass .
Two brown dogs in a grassy field , one jumping for a ball .
Two dogs play ball in a field near a street
Two dogs playing with a small blue ball in a grassy field .
A black and white dog with a green collar stands in front of a sign .
A dog is jumping into a pool for a swim competition
A dog jumping off a dock into a pool of water .
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas .
The furry black and white dog is running through a shallow pool .
Four girls in evening attire pose for a picture .
four girls in evening wear are posing for a photograph .
Four woman wearing formal gowns pose together and smile .
Four women are standing together , posing for a picture .
Four women in dresses pose together .
a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean .
A man parasurfs in the ocean
A person in a green jacket it surfing while holding on to a line .
A person in green surfing a wave .
A person on a surfboard in the waves , holding onto a tether .
At the bottom of a set of stairs , there are two men and a tent .
Men in a khaki-colored tent outside in a rundown area .
People in a tent shelter near the bottom of stairs .
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall .
Two people in a tent near a rock wall .
A class full of students .
A classroom of students watching a presentation .
A conference is being held that involves laptops and big screen presentations .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
Three man looking into the distance
Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean .
Three men are staring at the big , green hills in the distance .
Three men looking at grass covered hill .
Three men stand on a mountain looking at another .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave .
A person riding a surfboard comes up over a large wave .
A surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean .
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .
The surfer makes a reentry move on a wave .
A man dressed in all white is talking to the people seated on the dirt floor .
A man in a long white robe and white head cap is pointing to a group of people sitting on a blanket .
A man in a white robe stands and talks to people who are sitting .
A man wearing a long white robe and a white cap , stands over a group of seated people .
The children are sitting with their shoes off .
A bicycler does a trick in the air and his shadow is captured on the ceiling .
A boy doing a trick in the air on his bicycle
A man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle .
A man performing a bicycle trick inside in midair .
The man is doing a trick on a bike in midair .
A man in a leather jacket and leather boots .
A man in mostly leather clothing stands in a nighttime entertainment area .
A man wearing a leather jacket poses in front of the camera .
Black man in black leather jacket
Man in leather motorcycle gear .
A man and two woman dressed like vampires complete with scary makeup .
A man and two women dressed in costumes .
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
Some party goers pose in their costumes at a halloween party .
Three people wearing dark costumes and make-up pose for a picture .
A group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
Four women dressed in costume , one with a pink wig , look to the left .
Four women dressed up in funny costumes .
Four women pose in their alien costumes .
Three women wearing wigs .
A woman holding a baby and making faces at it .
A woman holding a baby up and making a funny face
A woman makes faces at a small child .
The man wearing glasses holds a baby wearing blue .
the woman is making faces at the baby that she is holding .
A man attempts to push another who is carrying a ball .
A soccer player prepares to tackle a player from the rival team .
A soccer player pushes another player as he catches the ball .
One rugby player holding a ball is getting hit from behind by another player .
Two players from different teams fighting for the white , red , and black ball .
A group of people display ribbons won by their dogs .
A group of people pose in a grassy field with their dogs .
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road .
Five people stand in the grass with three dogs .
Five women and three dogs posing for a picture .
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .
A man wears a golden mask with his hair spiked and a yellow shirt .
A man wears a gold sun mask .
A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face .
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .
A girl and guy dressed up in costumes
A man dressed as " Teen Wolf " hugs a woman made up like a vampire .
A man in a werewolf mask is with a woman wearing elf ears .
The man wearing the mask and sunglasses has his arm around the woman who is wearing fake pointed ears .
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .
A person waving is hanging off a zip line .
A woman harnessed to a cable by a pulley .
A woman on a harness hanging from a rope waves at the camera .
A woman rapels through barren treetops .
A woman waves as she rides a zip line .
A lady holds a baby and they both are looking at one another .
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her .
A woman holds a baby in a blue jumper .
A woman holds a toddler .
A woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock .
A brown and white dog walking on concrete debris with a gravel pile in the background .
A brown dog is making its way through a pile of junk .
A dog is in a landfill .
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble .
A tan dog is climbing down a pile of concrete rubble .
A goalie blocking the goal with assistance from a teammate during a hockey game .
A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on .
A hockey play shooting for a goal in a professional game .
Hockey players scramble in front of the goal .
The goalie with the white jersey allowed a goal by the player on the red team .
A dog runs over a stick in the leaves .
A small white dog is jumping over a branch on the ground covered with leaves .
A small white dog leaps over a root in the woods .
A white dog jumps over a log .
A white dog running in the fallen leaves .
A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth .
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water .
A dog wading in the water with a ball in his mouth
A wet , brownish-red dog with an orange ball in his mouth is swimming in some water .
Brown dog in water , with orange and blue ball in mouth .
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard .
A man in a green shirt attempts a back flip with the help of his friend .
A man in a green shirt begins to jump over backwards as another helps him .
One man helps another man start a back flip
One man is helping another man with red shorts do a back flip in the yard .
A boy playing in a pile of dead leaves .
A young boy is bursting out of a pile of dead leaves .
A young boy is playing in leaves .
A young boy with his eyes closed tossing leaves while sitting in a leaf pile .
The child is playing in the leaves .
A man holds a microphone to his mouth , backlit by green lights .
A man in a shirt sings into a microphone onstage
A man sings into a microphone in front of a green light .
A man with a microphone .
A signer standing in green light .
a lone surfer surfing a large collapsing wave in the ocean .
A person is surfing under a large wave .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A surfer riding under a wave .
Water splashing up against something .
A boy is standing on a snowboard in front of a crowd .
A crowd stands in the background watching someone sliding down a ramp on a board .
A crowd watching a snowboarder .
A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
Snowboarder is standing on his board while the crowd watches him .
a kayaker wearing yellow fights the rapids .
A man goes through whitewater in a kayak .
A man is riding a kayak through water .
A man kayaks in rough water .
A man kiyaking in rough water .
A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches .
A man in a number ten jersey kicks a soccer ball while another team member watches .
A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .
Number ten is kicking the ball as number seven watches .
Two men in blue jersey tops and white shorts play soccer ,
A group of men playing against each other in a football match .
five men playing in a soccer game
People outside playing soccer .
Rugby players competing in a match .
These people are playing a soccer type game .
A wave splashes the rocks as seagulls fly by .
Birds are fleeing a rock that has recently been splashed by heavy waves .
Seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it .
Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves .
Waves crashing against rocks with seagulls flying over .
A group of people ride a blue roller coaster on its way down from a turn .
A large group of people are riding on a blue roller coaster .
A very very wide roller coaster trundles down the track .
People are riding a blue roller coaster-like ride with wide seating mechanisms .
There are a lot of people on the roller coaster .
A boy holding a plate over his head .
A boy wearing blue is standing in the middle of a room holding a plate above his head .
a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm .
The child wearing striped pants is holding an object .
The young boy is pretend playing with boxes .
A bunch of people rowing a canoe , with a boat full of people in the background .
A group of men in a canoe paddle down a river .
a team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat
Men wearing brown shirts with orange vests rowing orange and green boats .
Rowers racing furiously .
Men in blue uniforms holding little girl with bandaged face and stuffed animal
Two first responders carrying an injured girl
Two men in blue jumpsuits , one holding a bandaged girl
Two men in uniform carry a small girl and her things .
Two pilots walk along carrying a young girl with a bandaged head .
A guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool .
A man catches a football in midair while jumping into a pool .
A man in swim trunks is jumping into a pool while in a strange pose
Antics in a covered pool .
People are diving into a swimming pool .
A group of five young adults lounging indoors .
A man and a woman sit on a couch and look at each other while three other men stand by .
A small group of people standing while two sit on the couch .
There are four men and one woman .
Three men are setting up a scene by measuring the lights for a couple sitting on a low couch .
A black and green monster truck flying through the air .
A four wheeler jumping cars .
A giant monster truck leaps over crushed cars and into the air inside the arena .
A monster truck in the air above demolished cars .
A monster truck soars into the air at an arena .
a group of children playing in a sprinkler
A group of children playing in a water fountain .
Children play in a water spray .
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors .
Several girls in swimsuits are playing in a sprinkler fountain .
A person on skis on a rail at night .
A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars .
A skier slides along a metal rail .
A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object .
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail .
A basketball game
a group of athletes playing a basketball game
A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball .
Basketball players participate in a game .
Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal .
A group of girls playing field hockey .
five female hockey players are scrambling for the ball around the goal mouth .
Girls play field hockey .
The field hockey players scramble in front of the goal .
The field hockey team is trying to score a goal .
A heavy set couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet .
An elderly man and woman are sitting on lawn chairs holding onto the leash of a brown dog .
People sit in chairs at a park with a dog .
People sitting in chairs while dog lies in grass
Some people in a park with a dog and folding chairs .
A fencing class takes place on a basketball court .
A man in a black shirt stares at a swordsman
A man in a black shirt wanders around amongst fencing players .
A man is standing in a gym surrounded by men fencing .
Many people are fencing on a basketball court .
A hockey player makes a shot .
A hockey player skates forward with the puck as an opponent watches from nearby on the ice rink .
A hockey player wearing black and white slides his stick along the ice .
An ice hockey player is shooting the puck as an opposing player watches .
Two men playing hockey on the ice .
A child walks outside as leaves fall .
Children are playing with leaves in the autumn .
Children in coats playing in fall leaves .
Children tossing dead leaves on lawn .
Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them .
A boy in blue shorts with yellow stripes down the sides is leaping .
A boy jumps behind a fence .
A child jumping on the other side of a green fence .
The boy is leaping into the air .
young boy leaps from a platform at a fenced in playgroud
A kid doing a trick on a skateboard .
A man jumps off of his skateboard on the top of a cement ramp .
a skateboarder jumps .
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch .
The skateboarder prepares to wipeout .
Two dark haired girls are on a tire swing .
Two girls are swinging together on a tire swing .
Two girls swing on a tire swing .
Two laughing girls swing in a tire swing .
Two young girls laughing on a tire swing .
A damaged ambulance is being hauled on a truck bed down the road .
A wrecked ambulance is being towed .
Recked ambulance being towed by a large tow truck .
The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision .
Wrecked ambulance is being towed by a large truck .
a closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center .
A person sitting in an airplane display .
A woman is sitting in a white bi-plane that hangs from the roof of an air museum .
Ride with a model biplane .
The plane is hanging from the ceiling in the museum .
A man is wearing a blue shirt with the word Mambo on it .
A man is wearing a shirt that reads , " Mambo " with an image of a baby and a teddy bear .
A man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear .
A person wearing a blue mambo shirt has his back to the camera .
The man is wearing a blue shirt .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs .
A cyclist is attempting to go down the steps on his bike .
A man is riding a bicycle down a staircase .
A person riding a bicycle down a red ramp .
Cyclist biking down a concrete stairway .
A girl in blue hanging on to a vine in a forest .
A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing .
A little girl wearing a blue shirt and blue checkered shorts is swinging on a rope swing outside .
A young girl in shorts is swinging on a vine .
Young girl hanging on a vine .
A child and an adult looking at each other .
A man and a young boy sitting down
A woman wearing many beaded necklaces looks at a child with just one .
A woman with man bead necklaces looks down at the girl sitting next to her .
Tribal woman and child staring at each other in the jungle .
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings .
A crowd of people stand looking at somthing in a European courtyard .
A crowd of people stands attentively in a plaza with buildings in the background .
A group of people are looking at the buildings .
Group of people standing in the town square looking up .
A man falling off his surfboard on the top of a wave .
A man is tumbling into the water having fallen off a surfboard .
A person is falling off their surfboard .
A person performing watersports gets seperated from his apparatus .
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .
a girl with a blue shirt looking scared with two other children behind her
A group of children stand outside in front of two large tires .
three children gather around a red float .
Three children stand in front of two large tires .
Three kids stand around a red apparatus on two tires .
A boy in a blue dress shirt dances in a courtyard .
A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers .
A small boy wearing a long sleeved shirt and slacks is walking outdoors .
A young boy walks down a sidewalk .
A young boy dressed in a suite concentrates on his footwork with a peace sign in the air .
One bicyclist runs alongside her bike , while another rides up behind .
One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them .
The bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him , both wearing green outfits and black helmets .
Two biker in black-green , first is pushing her bike , the second is riding hers .
Two people with bicycles , one in front running with a bike and one in back riding .
two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street .
Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast .
Two people on a motorcycle .
Two people ride together on a motorcycle
Two people riding a motorcycle .
A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest .
A rowing team races forward in competition with the motivation of their leader in front of the boat .
Boat number 5 has several men with life jackets paddling the water .
People in orange vests are rowing with great effort .
Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum
men wearing hats and coats are walking together
a group of old men walking down the street
A group of seven men walking and standing on a concrete surface .
A group of walking men .
Seven older gentlemen walking together in a group outside .
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market .
An Indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .
A woman in Mexico does needlepoint while tending a store .
A woman is shopping in an outdoor marketplace .
There is an open ' Abarrotes Mexico ' store with a man standing in front of it .
A boy carries a box across a bridge .
A boy carrying an open box crosses a bridge over a road .
A boy on the street holds a box .
A young child wearing a Pokemon shirt and holding a box outside in an urban area .
a young man wearing a red Pokemon shirt carrying a small red box
A group of people rowing in a boat near a city .
A team of rowers propel their boat forward with their paddles in the water .
Five people are paddling a kayak in the ocean with the city behind them .
people row in a crew boat .
Very blue water with skyscraper buildings on the shore and a group of people in a canoes with paddles .
A skateboarder is doing a trick at the top of a ramp while another person watches .
A skateboarder is doing a trick off of a ramp while a guy looks on .
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick .
A teenage boy does a skateboard trick on a half pipe while another boy watches from the top .
Young man doing a trick jump on a skateboard .
A man surfing a wave .
A surfer in a wetsuite jumps waves .
a surfer is riding his board over a wave .
A surfer on a white board catches a wave .
The man turns with the wave on his surfboard .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
A black and white dog jumping over a steeple vault at a competition
A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
A black dog looks into a pool of water .
A black dog sniffing the ground near a body of water .
A black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground .
The dog is looking at the water .
This hound is searching the water for his prey .
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice , injured .
The two hockey players are down on the ice .
Two hockey players fall on the ice .
Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game .
Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice
A man in black is sitting in a restaurant .
A man sits at a table .
A man wearing a black shirt laughs while sitting at the table .
A smiling man leaning back from a table with an ashtray on top .
The man sitting at the table is posing for a picture .
A child in a blue uniform kicks a soccer ball .
A girl 's red shoe sole is shown as the soccer ball flies through the air .
A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass .
Blond girl in blue clothes playing soccer .
the girl in blue kicks the soccer ball .
a black dog is following a brown dog that is carrying a brown plate through a grassy field .
A black dog following a tan dog fetching a large shallow bowl .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee like object in its mouth
A dog runs with a large plate in its mouth .
Two dogs , one carrying a large dish in its mouth .
A cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump .
A cricket player swings his bat , but misses .
A man is standing in front of some red sticks trying to hit a ball .
A man is swinging a paddle at a unique ball game .
A player hits the ball at a cricket game .
Four children are each making a gymnastic bridge on their hands and feet .
four children are outside in a line all in a crab position .
Four children do backbends in the park .
Four girls do backbends while playing outdoors .
Four kids doing backstand in a yard covered with dry leaves .
A cyclist is riding along a white line in a busy city center .
A girl is riding a bike and everyone is rushing by her in the city .
A stop action picture of a woman on a bicycle
Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
The city at night .
A man windsurfs , putting his off hand into the water .
A person leaning over while windsurfing .
A shirtless man is leaning back while parasailing .
A windsurfer skims the water with his outstretched hand .
a young man parasailing in the ocean .
A man does a motorcycle trick on a racetrack while many people watch .
A man does a wheelie on a motorcycle while a crowd watches .
A man is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle whilst being watched by a group of people .
A motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people .
A motorcyclist is about to fall over .
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms .
A basketball player takes a shot .
A man wearing a white uniform is trying to make a shot but the two men in black are trying to block him .
Basketball players leap for the ball while the crowd watches .
Basketball player in white uniform leaping to make a shot while being blocked by player in black .
A girl dressed in purple and blue walks beside her bike at night .
A girl in vibrant colors is walking her bike in a dark area .
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns .
A woman walks a bicycle between some columns .
A woman with a purple top and blue pants walks her bike in the shadows .
A black and white dog jumps in a pool filled with tennis balls .
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A black and white dog swims and plays with tennis balls in the pool .
A black and white dog swims for tennis balls .
There is a black and white dog in a sparking blue pool .
A girl in a pink striped shirt is in front of an armoire .
A girl in a pink striped shirt poses for the camera .
A girl wearing a pink striped shirt throws her arms into the air .
A young girl wearing a pink and orange stripped shirt extends her arms forward and appears to be happy .
The girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched .
Dogs racing around a track
Dogs racing in a professional dog race
Dogs racing on a track
Five dogs are on a track racing each other .
Six dogs are competing in a race .
a cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
Cheerleaders are performing in a gym
The two men throw the cheerleader in the air .
Two male cheerleaders are catching a girl cheerleader in the air .
Two men throw a cheerleader into the air and then catch her .
A dog runs through a field .
A light colored dog leaps in a field .
A white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs through a field .
Small dog running in the field .
A black and brown dog is walking in the water and looking at the camera .
A black dog with brown on his face is swimming .
a brown and black dog swimming in a river
A large dog looks up as he swims .
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach .
A man and 4 dogs playing on the beach .
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach .
Man watching four dogs play on the beach
Two football players are preparing for the next play .
Two football players in hike formation .
Two football players preparing to hike a football .
Two people wearing blue , red , and white football uniforms crouched over as though in play .
Two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field .
men in drak outfits around a campfire
The men are sitting around a fire .
Three men are sitting around a bonfire at night with a table of drinks beside them .
Three men sitting around a fire in front of a cabin .
Three older men are sitting around a campfire at night .
A snowboarder is in the air after making a jump near some trees .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snow slope .
A snowboarder makes a jump against a wooded background .
A snowboarder performs a jump in the snow .
Snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow .
A boy in a helmet jumps from a makeshift jungle-gym made of tires .
A boy jumping off of old tires
A child in a brown outfit jumping from some painted tires in front of trees at dusk .
A child with a helmet jumps over a pile of old tires .
A little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods .
A person rides the waves on a surfboard .
A person surfing .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer riding a large wave
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas .
A boy on a bicycle rides with his little brother in a child 's seat , which is tipping .
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
Two boys with backpacks ride bikes through a puddle on the road .
Two people riding a bike are riding towards a stop sign .
two young children riding on a bike down a dirt road through a puddle .
A player from the white and green highschool team dribbles down court defended by a player from the other team .
Four basketball players in action .
Four men playing basketball , two from each team .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
Young men playing basketball in a competition .
Two children are diving side by side into a river .
Two children jumping into a body of water .
Two people dive headfirst into the water .
Two people diving into a body of water .
Two young boys diving headfirst into water with small waves on it .
A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat .
A woman is wearing a velvet burgundy hat with a large peach feather .
A woman with a feather on her hat .
a young woman wearing a purple hat with a pink feather in it
The woman is wearing a red hat that is decorated with a huge orange feather .
A man and a woman are kissing in a crowded street .
A man and woman kiss in the street .
Couple kissing in the middle of a street .
Man and woman kissing on a public street .
Two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background .
A black man sitting next to a tree in a rural area .
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
A man in a red shirt sitting on a plastic stool in a shaded sandy area .
A man sits on a blue bench and leans against a wood pole .
A man sitting and leaning against a pole holding a small animal .
A group of children in uniforms stand outside .
A yellow dog stands in a road surrounded by children in blue shirts .
Children in uniforms stand in the road with a dog .
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road .
Several young girls stand in a rural road .
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
A man wearing a blue shirt and glasses .
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking .
A man with glasses and a mustache is in the middle of a sentence .
An older man with glasses is looking off camera .
A man performs a trick on a surfboard in the water .
A surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard
a surfer on a white surfboard wearing a yellow shirt with one arm in the air .
a surfer rides the wave .
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a white surfboard .
a man wears a red bandanna
A man with a head covering .
An man wearing an Arab scarf , with another man in the background .
A white man in a turban .
Man with facial hair wearing red and white Palestinian style headscarf .
A crowd is standing around a building with three flags in front of it .
A group of people are in front of a building with flags .
Groups of people relax outside a building .
People are standing by the flag poles outside a glass building .
Shows a crowd of people in front of a glass building with three country flags flying high .
A dog digging in the sand .
A dog is digging a hole in the sand .
A dog 's paws and face are covered in sand .
A dog with its tongue out sits over a hole in the sand .
The German Shepherd is digging a large hole in the sand .
A boy kicks through a pile of leaves .
A boy with blue shirt kicking off dead leaves from a pile of leaves .
A kid in a blue top leaps into a raked pile of leaves in front of trees .
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
A young boy standing with a raised leg in a large pile of leaves .
A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp .
A person in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard on a half-pipe .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Person in plaid shirt make a jump on a skateboard on a ramp .
The boy safely skates up the ramp before descending again .
Two black , brown and white dogs run along the countryside with white sheep in the background .
Two black dogs run in a grass field with two white sheep in the background .
two dogs are walking through a sheep field .
Two dogs run in a field herding sheep .
Two dogs running across a green field with two white animals in the background .
A black and tan dog jumping in the air in a grassy area in front of a fence .
A dog running with something in his mouth in the grass .
Black and tan dog with all paws off ground and yellow object in mouth .
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard .
The dog by the fence is running on the grass .
A girl is standing on logs and taking a picture .
A girl stands on two logs as she photographs the field .
A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river .
A young woman stands on a tree branch over a river taking a picture of buffalo .
Woman stands on fallen trees near winding river taking photographs of animals .
A bicycle racer runs up a ramp with his bike .
A biker is running with his bike in his hands up a ramp .
A man carrying a bicycle .
a man runs with his bike .
Man sits on bike in air .
an african man in blue jeans is holding the hands of two boys that are eating ice creams .
Man holds the hand of two children .
The man is holding the hands of two boys .
Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult .
Two young boys hold a man 's hands .
A man grips the underhang of a rock .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock .
A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike .
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot .
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle .
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle .
There are two small girls smiling in a hallway
Two little girls in a hallway , a woman standing in the background .
Two sisters race through the hallways in the house .
Two small girls running down a hallway .
Two young girls at play in a home .
A young boy and girl are playing in a tunnel .
Small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube .
Two children sit inside a blue and yellow tunnel .
two girls play in a tunnel .
Two little kids playing in a colapsable fabric tunnel .
A little girl hugs another little girl .
A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us .
Two toddlers posing for the camera .
Two young children holding each other and posing .
Two young girls hug .
A woman in a red sweater and a girl is in front of a girl in a green hoodie & a girl with a brown jacket and pink purse .
A woman in a red sweater walks by two younger women talking near a busy street .
A woman in a red sweater walks past two younger women who are chatting .
Three asian women , two young , one old , on an urban sidewalk .
two Asian women are talking behind an older woman who is wearing a red sweater .
A man in a red jacket is holding a piece of paper while posing .
An Asian guy giving thumbs up with his eyes closed and tongue out .
An Asian teenager in a red jacket has his thumb up and his tongue sticking out .
Asian man giving thumbs up on street .
Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other .
A boy is whispering to a girl wearing a red and white hat and scarf .
One person is whispering to another .
The boy is whispering in the girls ear .
The child in the red and white hat is listening to the child with the brown hair and green jacket .
Two children standing very close .
Two Japanese girls are wearing traditional dress .
Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them .
Two women dressed as geishas .
Two women dressed in brightly colored traditional asian clothes stand at the top of steps .
Two women in elaborate Japanese costumes .
A child covers their mouth as they whisper to a friend .
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her .
Three children , dressed in heavy coats , gloves , and knit caps , cover their mouths .
Two children stand and whisper to each other as another looks on .
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .
A biker does a trick on a ramp .
a bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp .
A boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course .
A man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle .
A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp .
A man is on top of a cliff overlooking a forest and lake .
A man on a cliff .
A man stands on a mountain overlooking trees and a lake .
A man stands on a mountaintop looking over dry forests and lakes .
The man has a blue shirt on and is standing in front of some snowy mountains .
A brown dog is on the ground growling .
A dog grinning at the camera .
A dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth .
A dog shows his teeth while playing with another dog .
There are two golden retrievers in this picture , but only one is visible and it appears to be smiling .
a brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball .
A brown and white dog on a road with its mouth open near a tennis ball
A small dog catches a green tennis ball in its mouth .
A yellow and white dog is catching a tennis ball on a street .
Gold and white dog catching a tennis ball in its mouth .
A man in a white shirt and tie sings into a microphone while a woman wearing a white shirt and tie plays the guitar at a concert .
A singer and guitarist performing .
A singer in a white button-down shirt is performing while a girl plays the guitar in the back .
a singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background .
The man with short hair has a microphone in his hand and the other man is playing guitar .
A boy is pushing a sledge through the snow at night .
A boy with a red hat pushing a snowploe through the snow
A small child wearing a red winter cap and a blue and black snowsuit pushing a plow through snow .
A young child plows snow manually .
Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .
A tan dog is running on pavement with a white dog running on grass beside it .
Two dogs , one white and one brown , run alongside each other near a grassy field .
Two dogs run down the road .
two tan dogs running along a concrete path together .
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road .
Motorcyclists near the beach .
There are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it .
Two guys with helmets are on motorcycles , each with a woman riding behind him
Two motorcycles and four riders are on the road .
Two motorcycles with two riders each .
A dog plays on the beach .
A white dog is running around a tumbleweed on a sand dune .
A white dog walks across the sandy ground with a tumbleweed .
A white poodle circles a sparkler embedded in sand .
poodle playing on a beach
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink .
A woman holds a drink while a man and a woman examine a book .
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book .
Three people are gathered for a picture .
Two women and a man are looking at a book .
A bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup .
A man and a woman are standing next to each other and the woman has a drink in her hand .
A man and woman against a pink background smile .
A man stands beside a woman holding a red cup with a straw .
A woman and man are posing for a picture against a pink wall .
A brunette and blonde girl are smiling .
The two women are smiling at the camera .
Two brunettes with brown eyes are looking into the camera .
Two girls looking into camera and smiling
Two women with long hair posing for a picture
A man and a woman looking at the camera .
a man and a woman posing for a picture .
A man and a woman smile for the camera .
A man puts his arm around a girl holding a blue cup .
A woman holding a blue cup and a man with facial hair pose close to one another .
Five people are sitting in a bar , while a tv plays nearby .
Older men at bar drinking alcohol
Three men drink at a reflective bar .
Three men stand at a bar with drinks .
Three men stand in a bar with a purple counter .
A man at a casino hugging two colorfully dressed show girls .
A man in a white suit is standing with two women .
A man stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes .
A white suited man stands between two showgirls in a casino foyer .
Two women in very colorful costumes stand next to a man dressed in all white .
A climber hangs from a rock face while another watches .
a free climber is hanging from a rock whilst being watched by a man in a green t-shirt .
A man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing .
A young man climbs the bottom surface of a rock .
The man wearing a brown shirt clings to a rock .
a lone surfer diving into a large wave
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on blue water .
A man on surfboard dives over a large wave .
A surfer in a full body wetsuit in the ocean with a white surfboard .
A surfer in a wetsuit crests a wave .
A man in a red helmet holds a bullhorn .
A man next to a woman holding a megaphone .
A person holds a blow horn while wearing a helmet .
Two men are wearing helmets , while one of them holds a bullhorn .
Two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces , one with a blow horn
a dog stands in the white snow .
a tan dog walking around in the snow
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow .
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .
The white dog trotted in the snow .
A bird eating .
A small , pale bird bends down to examine a crumb .
A small white bird looks at a small object .
A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something .
The bird leans over to a small piece of food .
A group of women are performing onstage .
People in a dance
Some women in white perform on a stage .
Women participate in a skit onstage .
Women who look alike are performing on a stage .
A man in a blue shirt passes under the Samsung arch .
A man in a blue shirt runs under a blue road marker in a race .
A runner in a blue shirt and blue shorts participates in a race .
A runner jogging on a city street past a SAMSUNG advertisement banner .
Man running down a street in a marathon .
A surfer does a flip on a wave .
A surfer is 90 degrees to the water
A surfer is flipping up in the air on a surfboard .
a surfer jumps out of the water .
The surfer does a flip off of a wave .
a lone surfboarder jumping a wave on a white surfboard .
A man flies into the air with his surfboard .
A person in a wetsuit is in midair while surfing .
A surfer is in the air above the ocean .
A surfer performs a trick .
A blond hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .
A boy standing in front of a multi-colored statue .
A child admires an exhibit or store window .
A child near a blue stage with a colorful creature on it .
Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane .
The dogs are running in the water .
Three dogs are running through the water .
Three dogs running in the water .
Three dogs run through shallow water .
Three dogs , two brown and one black , run in the surf .
A big brown dog plays with a small white dog near a ball .
A brown dog is jumping on top of a smaller white dog and there is a colorful ball on the floor .
A large brown and a small white dog play indoors on a carpet .
The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog .
two dogs play together .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
Three children 's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string .
Three kids play with silly string .
Three people standing near a door , with silly string cans .
You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere
A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water .
A girl swims in the blue-green waters .
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters .
The girl is swimming in sparkling greenish blue water .
The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean .
A dog runs across a barren ground casting a large shadow .
a small dog jumping along the sand
A small white dog runs across the sand .
Brown and white dog runs towards camera , casting long shadow on dirt .
Dog running across sand .
many people look over the side of a bridge .
Many people standing on a bridge over murky water .
Many people stand on an overpass looking over .
People are watching as a blue car is hanging over a bridge that crosses a river .
Several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water .
A man in blue shorts stands on a surfboard in shallow water .
A man on a beach , with his foot on a boogie board .
A man standing on the shore .
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach .
A young man with a Mohawk style haircut and surfer shorts stands on a boogie board at the beach .
a group of Indian people talking to each other
an indian man in a white costume is talking to three women in colorful saris .
A scene at an Indian wedding .
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other .
The indian couple mingle at the party .
A group of people at a distance on a beach .
A man , woman , and two girls walk on the beach barefoot .
Four people are walking on a beach .
People walking in the water along the beach .
This family is walking on the beach .
Athletes on numbered horses congregate in a field .
Horses being ridden over green grass and jumping an obstacle .
Horses jumping a hurdle in a race .
Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field .
Seven jockeys riding horses in a race .
A man in dark shorts is windsurfing on a clear day .
A man is riding a red windsurfer .
A man wakeboards in the water .
a windsurfer is making a big splash in the ocean whilst riding a red windsurf .
A windsurfer kicks up spray .
A crowd of people , some of which are wearing surgical masks .
A group of people are looking angry and several have on face masks .
A group of people gather and some are wearing white masks over their mouths .
Five people staring in the same direction , two of whom are wearing face masks .
People wearing black , some with face masks , are singing .
A couple in old clothing at an outdoor table .
A couple in old fashioned clothes sitting at a table outside
A man and a woman sit by a small table in colonial clothing .
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table .
A camera man is behind his video camera and surrounded by a hudge crowd .
A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium .
A man is videotaping something .
Camera man in populated building taping an event .
The man in the black shirt is pointing his camera at the arena .
A black dog is shaking off water .
A black dog shaking off water
A dog is shaking the water from its fur creating a spray and mist .
A wet black dog shakes itself off .
A wet dog is shaking off water .
A man and a woman in extravagent winter costumes .
Man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road .
Thw people are dressed up in large festive outfits on the street .
Two people wearing elaborate attire in a street .
Two people wearing period , winter clothing .
A girl jumping over a red punch bag .
A girl jumps against a punching bag in a field .
A little girl pounces a punching bag on a football field .
Barefoot girl in a pink shirt tackles the football equipment on the field .
The long haired child in the pink sweater is jumping up at a punch bag .
a dog runs across the leaf covered ground .
A dog with a collar and tag runs with its tongue out on a path .
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves .
A yellow lab trotting through grass and fallen leaves .
The tan dog runs through the leaves .
a mountain biker is riding on a marked out competition trail in the woods .
A person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path .
A woman rides a bike on a dirt path .
Bicyclist riding on a dirt race course .
Mountain bike riders on a dirt trail .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow .
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow .
An orange dog fetching a Frisbee in the snow .
Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow .
The dog retrieves the Frisbee is the snow .
A crowd of people .
A crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium .
A large crowd of people are waiting in a line in the dark .
A large crowd of people wait in line to get into a football game .
Large group of people lining up for an event , outdoors at night .
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer .
A man dresses as a prisoner and a woman dressed as a cop on a sidewalk .
An attractive police lady and a jailbird pose for a photo .
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer .
There is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner , standing outdoors .
A lady in blue jeans and a brown jacket is walking down a city street .
A lady in winter wear carrying a purse walks down the sidewalk .
A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Chrismas lights .
a woman photographed from behind as she 's walking down a sidewalk
Person walking down the street in the city .
a man photographs a woman .
A photographer is takeing a picture of a bird mobile .
A woman holds something for a professional photograph while the photographer takes the shot .
One person is assisting another inside a photo session involving wind chimes .
Two people are setting up a photo shoot of a mobile in a white room .
A brown dog is biting a green object .
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in its mouth .
A dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something .
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .
A short-haired brown dog is snapping at a long green strip .
A man in a white shirt and a man in a black shirt in a hallway .
A man in black and one in white posing indoors .
Two guys act silly and pose for a photo .
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture .
Two smiling young men look at the camera .
A man in a black jacket walks thorugh an Asian market .
A man walking down a street with Asian shops .
A man walking on the sidewalk past storefronts .
A man walks in a street
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign .
A child ballerina puts on make-up backstage in a mirror .
A little girl wearing a blue dress stands in front of the mirror to do her makeup .
A young girl in a blue dress applies makeup in a mirror .
The little girl with the tiara is putting on eyeshadow in front of a mirror .
Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror .
A dog runs holding a yellow dog toy in fall , bench in the background .
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth .
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
The tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth .
A man in a bright pink shirt shakes the hand of a bearded man in a saffron shirt .
A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange .
Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats .
Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts .
Two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera , while a third man stands behind them .
African kids stare throughwindow
Children are staring out the window of a blue building with red shutters .
Four children in colorful Indian clothes are looking through red shutters on a blue building .
Four children looking out a window .
Several children are standing in a house looking out the window .
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people .
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
Closeup of a man at an event with formal attire .
The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence .
Two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake .
Two men in two canoes are sitting in a lake .
Two men on canoes on a lake .
Two men rowing in canoes .
two people in canoes ride through the water .
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor .
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor .
A large group of people line dancing in a dim room .
Several women dancing .
Two women among a group of people in a bow-like stance .
A man and two youngsters are standing in front of a Japanese vending machine .
Family purchasing standing at a vending machine .
Three people stand and face video machines .
Three people stand near a couple of machines , one labeled Sharp .
Two kids and a man play games at an arcade .
A group of Indian men are just standing around with their arms crossed .
A group of men stand outside .
Four men from another country look at the camera .
Men wearing hats stand with arms folded .
Several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market .
A woman and child hug near a road .
Two females are in an embrace on the street aside a beach .
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods .
Two young women are embracing at the side of a road and looking at an mp3 player .
Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach .
A surfer in a black surfing suit in motion .
Guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing
It looks like the surfer is riding a big wave .
One man in a wetsuit surfing a wave .
Surfer in wetsuit riding before a wave
The sheepdogs are running in the pasture .
Two dogs are running on some grass .
Two dogs are running together outside .
Two dogs with multiple colors are running through the grass .
Two speckled dogs running on a grassy field .

