A bride folds her arms at a beach .
A girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara .
A pretty girl wearing a white dress , a dimond necklace , and a crown , posing in front of the beach .
A woman in white , wearing a tiara , the beach in the background .
a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach
A boat floating on blue water .
A boat floats near someone swimming in clear , blue water .
A person is swimming in crystal clear ocean water while his or her boat is anchored in the background .
A person swims in a shallow turquoise sea toward an empty tethered rowboat .
Someone is swimming in the ocean near an unmanned rowboat .
A man rides a wave on a surfboard .
A man wearing a black wetsuit is surfing in the water .
A person on a surfboard riding a wave
A person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard .
A surfer on a red surfboard jumps over a high wave in the ocean .
A race car is spinning out in front of spectators .
a racer skids out .
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd .
Green and black car goes into wall at race .
Smoke comes from car in professional race
A man dressed as Santa rides in a parade .
A man dressed like Santa is riding in a carriage during a parade .
Santa Clause with his white beard and red suit is riding in the carriage .
Santa Claus leads some type of parade on an odd looking vehicle .
Santa is pulled in a carriage in a parade .
People are standing on an escalator moving up .
people go up the escalator .
People ride up an escalator .
People travel up the elevator together .
Several people ride up an escalator .
A boy wears a foam hat to show support for his team at a game .
A child is wearing a red hat shaped like a hand .
A child wears three " rock out hands " held together by sunglasses on his head .
A man in a statefarm.com hat and sunglasses .
A person wearing a red hat shaped like hands sits in a crowd .
A man dressed in grey climbing a large brown rock .
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .
A man in shorts climbs a rock face .
Man climbing a rock wall .
The back of a man climbing a rock .
A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .
A skateboarder makes a high jump .
A skateboarder soars above a ramp .
Man in midair on skateboard
Skateboarder in midair at a park .
a group of people are congregated in a room by a big round mirror .
A group of people enter a fancy golden living room .
A group of people mills about in a room with crystal chandelier , a brown leather couch and a large round mirror .
A group of people stand in a fancily decorated room .
The people are gathered in a room with a sofa , round mirror , and chandelier .
Two dogs are racing on a ractrack .
two dogs race across the track .
Two greyhounds race
Two greyhounds with muzzles race along the inside curb of a railed dirt track .
Two racing dogs run around a track .
The two church officials wear black robes and purple hats .
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building .
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church .
Two priests stand on some stairs in front of a building .
Two religious men glancing off to their right while standing in front of a church .
A bald man has hand on the shoulder of another man .
a man puts his arm around another man as they pose for a picture
Two men touch their heads together and smile .
Two men wearing black
Two smiling men with their heads touching
A person doing a trick on a snowboard .
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .
A snowboarder is sliding down a cement wall at night .
A snowboarder rides a rail on the cement handrail of steps with snow all around .
In the snow a person on a board traverses down a concrete wall beside bleachers .
two guys dressed in tuxes with red ties
Two men dressed for a wedding laugh at the camera , with beverages in hand .
Two men dressed up share a toast .
Two men in matching suits are smiling and drinking .
Two men in suits laugh and hold drinks .
A bride and groom pose with their wedding party .
A bride and two bridesmaids stand beside a groom and four groomsmen .
An entire wedding party is posing for pictures .
A wedding party poses for a picture .
Men in suits are lined up next to a bride and her red-dressed bridesmaids .
A bride and groom leaving after the wedding .
A bride and groom walk together in a dark room .
A man and bride walk down the aisle
A man wearing a tuxedo and a woman in a white dress .
The man is walking the bride down the aisle .
A group of people at a protest to stop the building of the Kingsworth coal power plant .
A march to protest the construction of a coal power plant .
Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants .
People are protesting against coal .
Protesters with " NO NEW COAL " signs in urban area .
A skateboarder is jumping almost as high as a building .
A snowboarder jumping off a tall brick building .
a snowboarder jumps over a pile of snow .
Snowboarder jumps off rail over snowpile .
The snowboarder is doing a stunt high in the air at night .
A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing .
A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain .
A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand .
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on
There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain .
A few people are playing instruments around a table .
A group of people are playing instruments while sitting at a table .
Five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments .
Musicians playing their instruments at a table .
Musicians sitting at a table inside , playing classical instruments .
A group of people sit at a table in front of a large building .
People are drinking and walking in front of a brick building .
People are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
Two people are seated at a table with drinks
Two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building .
A man is waiting in a public area while people pass behind him .
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace .
An old man in a long black coat stands on the street .
A white haired man in a black coat is standing on a city street .
A woman is waiting alone outside while a bird walks behind her .
A crowd of people wearing jackets and holding signs .
A group of protesters picket in the road .
A large " green " peaceful protest is taken to the streets .
A protest march is passing by a white stone building .
Group of people walking with posters .
A BMW rider takes a large jump off a wall .
A guy is doing a bike trick in a park .
A man doing tricks on a bicycle .
A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike .
A person on a bmx bike .
A lady in a pink shirt , green veil and straw hat rowing a boat with packages in it .
A lady rows a canoe filled with things .
A man piloting a boat with goods in the back .
An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies .
Person in pointed hat and face covered with green scarf poling boatload of stuff through water
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee .
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot .
A large black dog in the dirt with a small brown dog .
A large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball .
Two dogs are chasing a ball .
A group of people sitting on benches at a city park .
A man drinking a beverage and holding a plastic bag far away from the other people .
A man drinking a soda is standing in front of a bench near a group of people sitting
A man in black clothes and a blue hat is taking a drink and holding a shopping bag .
A man is standing next to a bench drinking a soda while other people sit on a bench nearby .
A man is throwing another around in a wrestling ring .
A wrestler is being held in the air by another man in the ring .
A wrestler is being lifted off the ground by another wrestler .
Professional wrestler getting flipped by another .
Two people are in a wrestling match .
A boy hugging a bumble bee character
A child hugging a person in a large bee costume .
A giant bee costume hugs a boy .
A little boy hugging a giant bee mascot .
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume , blurry urban background .
A group of men lift their arms to signal while they look to the left .
A group of young men watching something .
Four young men wearing red ribbons on their wrists are making gestures
Men with orange wristbands perform a dance .
Several men in front of a white building .
A girl in a white shirt and jeans is jumping up in the air while at the top of the Grand Canyon .
A girl leaps on a mountaintop .
A girl making a face jumps in front of a scenic view of mountains and water .
A woman wearing a white shirt jumps in the air and sticks out her tongue .
Girl jumping into the air on top of a rock in front of a canyon .
A man in a blue jacket and gloves is standing in the street among other people .
A man in a brightly-colored ski jacket stands with others on a European street .
A man in a colorful jacket walks down the street surrounded by women in winter clothing .
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
The man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an English pub .
A dog carries an orange toy in its mouth .
A dog running with his tongue out .
A dog runs through the grass with its tongue hanging out .
A white dog with brown ears runs on the green grass with an orange dog toy .
White dog with orange collar walks in the field .
a couple sitting on the concrete outside a set of big brown wooden doors .
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain .
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain .
Two young adults holding each other in front of a door .
Young , hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors .
A child holding onto the tail of a fake alligator .
A little boy sits on the tail of a fake alligator .
A little child is holding a tail that belongs to a very large crocodile .
A small child pulls on the tail of a large alligator .
a young girl pulling the tail of an alligator staue
A bunch of people near a christmas type tree .
A couple hurrying past an urban ice skating park .
Many people are outside watching ice skaters .
People are skating in a outdoor rink around a huge Christmas tree .
People walking by an outdoor ice rink with a tree in the center .
Dirt bikers on a trail .
Four dirt bike riders are riding on a dirt road .
The two cyclists are facing the long riding path .
Two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack .
Two people on motorbikes .
Two children playing in the snow .
Two children , warmly dressed , are playing in the snow .
Two kids playing in the snow in a rural area .
Two young children enjoy the snow .
Two young children play in the snow .
Tourists pose for camera at night .
Two men dressed jackets and hats are standing on a terrace
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera .
Two men standing outside wearing jackets and caps .
Two men stand outdoors in the city night .
a woman in black walks down the sidewalk .
A woman walks on a city street .
A woman wearing a cap on a wintry street .
A woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees .
The woman is wearing a brown hat and black coat , and is on a sidewalk .
A girl in white is rock climbing .
A woman in a white shirt and black cropped pants climbs a rock wall .
A young girl climbing a rock wall .
Fit brunette enjoys some time rock climbing .
The girl is climbing an artificial climbing wall .
A group of santas are walking in the city .
A man walks down a busy city street with men dressed in Santa Claus costumes .
A parade of people is marching in Santa costumes on a city street .
Men dressed as Santa clause walking down the street .
Men in Santa outfits walking down busy street .
Four bald people are praying or meditating .
Four people with shaved heads and white robes pose their hands in prayer .
Four people with shaved heads and white robes praying .
Religious people wearing white with bald heads hold their hands in a praying position .
Two bald men and two bald women dressed in all white standing in a prayer pose .
A man sits on a bench on a San Diego street .
A man wearing a coat and had sitting on a bench in the city .
A man wearing an orange cap sits on a white bench beside a blue trashcan .
Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO , neat blue trashcan .
Man sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
A man in a mask and wearing a Santa Claus suit .
A man in a Santa suit wearing a red and neon yellow mask and horns .
A man on a city street in a Santa suit and wrestilng mask .
A man wearing a Santa suit and wrestler 's mask poses dramatically .
Guy in Santa suit wearing ninja mask and horns
A man takes a picture out a window .
A shirtless man looks out a window .
Half naked man leaning out of window taking pictures .
The man is going to take a picture from the open window .
The man is with a camera looking out of an open window
A girl in a dress is jumping in the air with legs bent while another girl in pink watches .
a girl jumps into the air while another girl watches .
A young girl is jumping on carpet while another girl standing in front of her looks to the left .
The two little girls jump on the bed .
Two little girls jump above the floor .
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background .
a bmx rider gets a lot of air .
A male airborne on a bicycle .
The man is performing a trick with a bicycle high in the air .
The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle .
A man with mud on his clothes protects a ball from two other men while he runs down the field .
Dirty rugby players try to hold back the man with the ball .
Group of dirty men play football .
Three men are playing rugby one of them is carring the ball they are covered in mud .
Two muddy men try to tackle third muddy rugby player .
A blond child is jumping facefirst onto a bed .
a little boy jumps onto a bed .
Boy in black shirt jumps onto bed from dresser .
Boy is bouncing over the bed wearing a black t-shirt .
Little blonde boy is falling onto a bed .
A girl in a yellow shirt walks with her hands in her pocket on a bridge .
A woman in a yellow shirt walks down a sunny street .
A woman in a yellow t-shirt and sunglasses walks down a sidewalk .
A woman outside on a street wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses .
a young blond woman wearing a yellow shirt walking down a sidewalk .
A dark brown dog runs behind a yellow dog in the grass .
one tan dog running on the grass with a brown dog running close behind
The two dogs , one dark and one light colored , are running outdoors .
Two brown dogs are running through a grassy area .
Two dogs run over the grass .
A little dark haired girl runs on the beach .
A little girl barefoot , wearing a white shirt and brown skirt runs along the sandy shoreline .
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
A young child is running along a beach .
A young girl running on the beach .
A dog jumping at the beach .
A furry white dog playing in the sand .
A muddy dog runs next to water .
A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water
Dog on a rock next to water .
A flock of birds disturbed and in flight in front of a wall that has a mural of three women and a man .
A flock of birds flying past a chinese mural on a building .
A flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural .
A group of birds fly up from the street against a painted wall .
Flock of pigeons flying in front of building with a mural painted on it .
A crowd of children and some are wearing green costumes .
A crowd of children point towards an object to the right of the frame .
A group of children pointing at something unseen .
A group of multi-cultural kids are excited by what they are watching .
an audience of children are smiling and pointing
A boy in a brown jacket and a girl in a red jacket are sitting on some metal bars with a metal object between them .
A man and woman assemble a metal structure .
A man and woman sit and work on a metal beam .
Boy and girl building metal structure .
two people build together .
A bunch of people at a train station .
A photo of a train platform on a chilly day .
A train station says " tychy miasto "
People are boarding two yellow and blue trains .
Several people waiting outside a train station .
Two girls take in the view .
Two woman stand on a building ledge and look down on a city .
Two women are standing next to a railing overlooking a city .
Two women look out at many houses below .
Two young girls look out to a town below them .
A couple posing for the camera with rain jackets on .
A couple stands covered in plastic ; she smiles and he scowls .
A lady and a man wear rain ponchos .
A man and a woman in plastic coverings .
The man and woman are wearing a protective plastic raincoat .
A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt .
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person .
A young boy , a young girl , an older woman and a man gather for a meal
People are sitting at a green table set with placemats and green glasses .
Various members of a family are gathering around a decorated dining table .
A group of children are raising their hands in the air .
A group of kids singing and putting their hands in the air
Little kids stand together and raise their hands in the air .
Little kids with their hands in the air
Some children are raising their hands and clapping .
A man and woman , both wearing white , are on rocks .
A man and woman wearing white shirts and jeans resting on a rocky surface .
A man in a white tank top , blue jeans and glasses sitting on a rock with a woman in a white tank top , blue jeans and glasses standing over him .
A woman in sunglasses standing beside a man in sunglasses sitting on a rock .
A woman standing next to a man who is sitting on a rock .
a couple each wearing white tanktops sitting on a rock ledge of looking several mountains
A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain .
A man and a woman sit on rocks .
A man and woman sit on the rocky overlook .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses sitting on a rock .
A man in a white coat jumps a snowboard .
A person on a green board is snowboarding in midair .
a snowboarder
Someone on a Nitro snowboard in midair and another person on the ground behind them .
Two snowboarders in a snowy scene .
A couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles .
A couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman .
A man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them .
A man and woman hug on a couch while another woman smiles .
A man and woman pose on a couch .
A brown dog drinks from a body of water .
A brown dog is starting to walk into water .
A brown dog steps into murky water .
A dog getting into some water .
A dog putting his legs into a pond
An elderly gentleman very smartly dressed .
An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture .
An old man stands in front of a doorway .
Older gentleman in a red coat and black and white polka dot scarf .
Old man with a black coat and hat .
A man and two girls look at something in the woods .
A man and two young girls in a forest .
A man and young girl stand together looking at something with a small child nearby .
A man stands with two children in a wooded area looking at something in the distance .
The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path .
During a game of rugby , a man tackles another .
Men play football .
The guys are playing a sport .
The man with the soccor ball is being hit by another man .
Three men play ball in a field .
a girl in colorful leggings and a white shirt sits next to similarly dressed girl in a small cubicle .
Two girls crouch in a small stall .
Two women in a bathroom stall .
Two young woman dressed in white shirts sit in a small space .
Two young women sitting against a concrete wall .
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass .
Two dogs are running in a field .
Two dogs run around together in the field .
Two dogs running through high grass .
Two large dogs frolic in a grassy field .
A man and a woman stare at the ground .
A man is helping someone put on a fancy robe .
A man wearing a dark suit looks down as another person dressed in black and white does the same .
The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man .
Two men talk and laugh .
A dog is running on snow with a snowball it its mouth .
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in its mouth .
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth .
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth .
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth .
A man helps another man tie a red ribbon onto his arm .
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man 's right arm during a street parade .
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street .
One man helps another attach a red ribbon to his forearm in the midst of a large group of people .
Two men stand together ; one is putting something red on his arm .
A man in red shorts runs on a track .
A man running on a track .
a man running track
A man runs on a track outside .
A runner on a track .
A brown dog shakes while standing in the water near a yellow ball .
A brown , wet dog shaking off the water .
A dog on the beach shaking off water
A dog shaking water off
The brown dog stands in the water and shakes off .
A man and a woman in festive costumes dancing .
A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance .
A man and a woman wearing decorative costumes and dancing in a crowd of onlookers .
one performer wearing a feathered headdress dancing with another performer in the streets
Two people are dancing with drums on the right and a crowd behind them .
An ATV rides over a vaste sandy landscape .
A person on a large wheeled vehicle drives through an orange desert landscape .
A person on an ATV in dunes with a purple sky .
A person rides an ATV through the desert .
Distant person riding off-road vehicle across sand dunes marked with treads .
A blue uniformed rollerskater is struggling for the lead against a long-haired , tattooed and red uniformed rollerskater .
Two girls are battling it out in a roller derby race with other competitors and the referee behind them .
Two women in a roller derby bash into each other .
Two women on rollerskates are grappling .
Two women pushing each other during a rollerskating competition .
A group of girls in dresses dancing .
Four women dressed in long colorful skirts and winter clothes are dancing on the street .
The people are dressed in heavy layered clothing , and are motioning together .
Women in colorful costumes dance in the street in front of a McDonalds .
Women in long skirts and jackets dancing in the back of a McDonald 's .
A man looks out of the passenger window of a yellow car to see the tire smoking .
A yellow car , a man in it looking to the back where steam is coming out .
A yellow car is creating smoke by spinning its tires .
A yellow car spins its rear wheel while a man in the backseat watches .
A yellow muscle car is burning rubber while a man in the car with blonde hair looks at the tire .
A black and white dog holds a stick in his paw for chewing or playing .
A black and white dog laying down with a big stick under its paw .
a black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws .
There is a black and white dog chewing on a branch outside .
A black and white and a brown and white dog running in a grassy field in front of a stand of trees .
Two dogs are running in a grassy field .
Two dogs are running through a field of grass .
Two dogs are running through a grassy area .
Two dogs running through a grassy field .
A man blows into an electrical instrument by a microphone .
A man blows into a tube while standing in front of a man at the drumset onstage .
A man plays an instrument next to a drummer .
a musician plays a strange pipe instrument whilst standing next to a drummer on a stage .
Two men perform a song together onstage .
A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail .
A pack of Huskies run across the snowy ground .
A sled and dogs mushing
The dogs run in the snow pulling a sled with a person .
The dog team is pulling the man on the sled .
Two female friends pose for a picture at night .
Two girls smile for the camera .
Two smiling women pose for a picture .
Two women sit very close and pose for their picture to be taken .
Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area .
A woman stands in front of a display case and another woman looks at a digital camera
A woman stands tall in front of a glass display while another woman takes a picture of something .
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture .
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera .
One woman is taking a picture and another woman is standing sideways with her arm out .
a girl in a red shirt looks at her mom in a crowd of people sitting in white plastic chairs
A group of people are facing away from the camera .
A group of people with their backs to the camera and a little girl facing a lady .
A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd .
A young girl wearing red faces the opposite direction from the rest of a seated audience .
A skateboarder casts a shadow jumping down stairs .
A skateboarder flies off the stairs .
a skateboarder jumps a staircase .
A skateboarder performing a kickflip over short stairs .
Skateboarder jumping down a short flight of stairs in a dimly lit warehouse .
Airborne skateboarder in front of a crowd ,
A skateboarder in the air .
A skateboarder jumps while spectators watch .
a skateboarder ollies .
People watching a skateboarding competition , while a person skateboards .
A woman walks as she looks at her cellphone and others look on .
Several ladies talking together .
Three girls walking , one is checking her cellphone
Three girls walk together and talk .
Three high school girls walk and talk on AstroTurf .
a man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
A surfer flies over a crashing wave .
A surfer is falling into a big ocean wave
Surfer in black wetsuit falling off his board into the water .
The surfer is wiped out by the wave .
A girl holds a blue balloon as she walks .
A girl in red shirt holds a green balloon in a crowd .
a Japanese girl carries a green balloon .
An Asian boy in a red shirt holds onto an aqua balloon .
The girl is holding a blue balloon on a busy street .
A black haired woman in a parka is looking at burning incense sticks .
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam .
A woman stands and watches incense burn with the smoke billowing .
A woman stands over a copper bowl holding many burning incense .
The woman is looking at a smoky exhibit .
A dog and two people .
A dog looks on as a woman eats .
A dog sits between a man and a woman while they are eating .
A man and a woman at a meal , with a dog between them .
A woman eats while a dog sits next to her and a man .
A little dog carries a small stick in his mouth .
A little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth .
A small dog fetching a small stick .
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
A small dog is walking on green grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
A boy in a tan coat throws some red leaves at the camera .
A boy throws red and orange leaves into the air .
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves .
Little boy with green shirt and brown jacket is throwing orange fall leaves .
Young boy tosses autumn leaves
A lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool .
A woman and a child play in the water .
A woman and a girl splashing in water .
A woman is holding a small girl in the midst of a large wave .
Mother and daughter play in the waves .
Children playing in a pool .
Swimmers move through the water .
Two children splashing in the water .
Two kids splashing in the water .
Two people are in the water and splashing .
a dog chases another dog .
Two dogs are running through the snow with ball in their mouths .
Two dogs holding red balls in their mouth , running in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow
Two tan dogs run in the snow carrying red balls in their mouths .
A blonde lady wearing a tan jacket samples a seafood dish at a restaurant .
A blond woman is eating in a busy restaurant .
A blurry woman eating fish .
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant .
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips .
a man and a woman posing for a picture
A man and a woman smile as they dance .
A man and woman making funny faces for picture .
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph .
A man is recording something with a red flag behind him .
A man with a video camera is taping while another paints art while onlookers pass by .
A person holding a camera in front of a pole with writing on it .
Kid posts sign while a woman walks by and a young man hold a video camera
The man is shooting video of another writing on a pole .
A snowboarder flies in the air .
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark .
Snowboarder in the air performing a stunt .
There is a snowboarder doing tricks in a half pipe .
The snowboarder gets serious air .
A bike rider performing a stunt on the cliffs near the water .
A biker makes a jump across from a city beach .
A cyclist doing a jump outdoors , with urban seaside terrain in the background .
A person is on a bike in midair .
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it .
A boy climbs rocks .
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him .
A man watches two small boys playing in a naturally formed rock .
Children playing on rocks .
Kids play in a rocky area .
A man and a woman are smiling .
A man and a woman laughing .
A man and a woman laugh together by a white door .
A man and woman are apparantly laughing .
The man and woman are both smiling .
Man in a sweater pointing at the camera .
One man is posing with arms outstretched and finger pointed while another stares from behind him .
The man in the black hat stands behind the man who is pointing his finger .
Two men look toward the camera , while the one in front points his index finger .
Two men , one wearing a black hat while the one in front points , standing in a hallway .
A man in wrestling tights poses in a furious pose on a stage in front of some pyrotechnics .
A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background .
A man wearing shorts is standing near explosive special effects .
An almost naked man on a stage with fire .
A wrestler poses in front of a series of explosions .
A man in a black vest walks on a rail .
A man is standing with his arms spread wide and an open vest exposing his chest .
A man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert .
A man who is dressed like a wrestler walks while people take his picture .
A shirtless man wearing a vest walks on a stage with his arms up .
A boy , an adult and two dogs running through the snow
A man and a child walk through the snow with two dogs .
Family running with dogs in the snow .
Two people are walking two golden dogs in the snow .
Two people wearing camouflage clothing in the snow with two dogs .
A group stands in the distance while the sky casts interesting light on some clouds .
a photographer stand to the left of a tree in a field , whist four other people stand to the right on a sunny day .
Dark bushes , siluettes of people , clouds .
Men with surveying equipment are in the background of landscape .
People and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky .
A dirt biker in the desert .
A man does a jump in the desert on a motorcycle .
A man is doing a motocross jump into the air .
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert .
A motorcycle rider wearing black and silver does a wheelie on a sandy terrain .
A boy blowing bubbles into the camera .
A little boy and a little girl are playing outside with bubbles .
A small boy blowing bubbles while a small girl stands behind him in the grass .
The girl has a passifier while the boy is making bubbles
Two small blonde children blowing bubbles in a park .
a lone four wheeler wearing a helmet riding along a dusty path .
A man in jeans is riding an ATV over sand .
A man on a 4-wheeler is in midair in a dry dusty area .
A person in a helmet rides a four-wheel vehicle in the desert .
A person rides a four-wheeler in the air .
A smiling girl in glasses and a blue-gray scarf with a smiling girl in a black coat leaning on her shoulder .
A woman leaning her head on the shoulder of another woman .
Two girls , one wearing glasses , dressed in cold weather clothing smile for the camera .
Two warmly dress girls posing for a picture outdoors
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
A black dog in an orange bandanna pouncing on a blue soccer ball in an area covered by fallen leaves .
A black dog pounces on a ball in the leaves .
A black dog pushes a blue ball in a yard of brown leaves .
A dog jumps at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves .
A little black dog wearing a red collar is in the leaves with a blue ball .
The two dogs in the snow have a red leash .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow are playing with a red leash .
Two dogs play in snow with red leash .
Two dogs play with a red leash on the snow .
A playful puppy bites the shirt of a young boy .
Two boys and a white dog stand in a park .
Two children play with a white dog .
Two children stand in the grass while a white dog bites one of their sweaters .
Two kids playing with a dog .
A little black dog chases another little black dog through thick snow .
Two black dogs walking through the snow .
Two dogs are running through snow , away from the camera .
Two dogs of the same breed are running through snow that has buried grass .
Two large black dogs run through the snow .
A group of people are backpacking through a grassy field .
A group of people walk in a line through a field next to a forest .
A group of people walking through a grassy field .
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .
Several people in line walking through grass with nets in hand .
A black dog and a brown dog are smelling each others noses .
A black dog and a brown dog touching noses in a grassy field .
A black dog is touching noses with a light brown dog .
There are two dogs , one is black and the other is brown , sniffing each other .
Two dogs examine each other in a field .
A bicyclist does tricks on a lime green bike .
A man dressed in black rides a green bike .
A man performs a stoppie trick on his BMX green bicycle with no hands .
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel .
The man is doing a trick on his green bike .
A snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition .
A snowboarder in midair , after jumping a ramp .
A snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill .
A snowboarder launches off a ramp .
Snowboarder sails in the air .
A brown , black , and white dog runs along on the gravel .
A dog runs
A little dog running on sand .
The brown , white and black dog runs on a gravel surface .
The dog is running across the gravel .
A couple standing outside a street
A man and a woman standing on a city street .
A man wearing black and a woman wearing white are smiling .
A woman and a man standing on a busy city street smiling .
Two people stand on a Boston street in winter .
a deer and several turkeys together in the snow
A deer looks at 5 turkeys in the snow .
Deer and turkeys in the snow .
Deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground .
Large turkeys and deer stand in the snow .
A blond-hair girl is eating a peach .
A girl eating a peach .
A girl eats a peach .
A little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach .
A young girl with blonde hair eating a peach .
A boy in a brown jacket holds a large chunk of snow .
A boy wearing blue mittens gets ready to throw snow .
A child preparing to throw a snowball .
A young boy grins as he holds up a clump of snow .
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow .
A man and two women pose outside a retail store .
A short woman poses between two tall men in front of a store that 's going out of busines .
Three people stand in front of a store window and smile .
three people standing outside a store window with two large signs in the background
Two tall men and a short woman standing in front of a store that is having a closeout
A man jumping a barrel while skateboarding .
Man does a skateboard trick on green barrel .
Skateboarder grinding a barrel .
The man is rollerskating on a green barrel .
The skateboarder is leaping over a green barrel .
an ice skater skating around a ring
An ice speed skater is skating on the ice wearing a red , blue , and grey uniform .
a person speed skating
A speed skater on the ice rink .
Speedskater skating a race .
A man and a woman with a red book , both dressed in black .
A man and woman pose together on a cobblestone street .
A well dressed man and woman are posing for a picture .
Man and Woman standing together on a cobbled street having their picture taken .
The warmly dressed man and woman stand together outside .
A group of men hold up a man to get a rugby ball .
A soccer team is holding up on player in victory .
rugby match
The team of soccer players is competing while wearing red , white , and green .
Two opposing players are in the air during a rugby match .
A little boy in pajamas snuggles on a couch with a Santa hat .
A small child wearing a green long sleeved top lays with her head on a pillow .
A smiling child with Christmas colored clothing .
Child on couch , holding red cloth with white fur .
The child with a green shirt is on a bed smiling
A little kid in a striped shirt on a purple floor is getting excited at chasing bubbles .
A young toddler boy dances with bubbles at an inside play area .
Little kids play with bubbles as an adult blows them .
The child jumps up at bubbles .
Young boy with blonde hair swipes at bubbles in the air .
A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house .
A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house .
Child shovels snow , near bush , outside of building .
The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house .
The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .
A man stands on a surfboard and coasts down a large wave .
A surfer catches a large wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
a surfer surfs across the large wave .
The surfer in the wetsuit is riding a wave .
A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot .
A basketball player tries to block another .
Two basketball players reaching for a ball .
Two men are playing Basketball
two men jump for the basketball .
a basketball player defends another player .
A man with a basketball blocks an attempt to take his ball .
Man runs by other man with basketball at a game .
The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stop him .
Two men are playing during a basketball game .
A bald basketball player is standing on a court with the ball in his right hand .
A basketball player holding a ball with Miami 5 on his shirt .
A guy playing basketball .
A Miami basketball player with basketball in right hand on court .
Number five of the University of Miami men 's basketball team has the ball .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a big wave .
A man in a wetsuit surfing .
A surfer is riding a large wave .
Two surfers catch the same huge wave in the ocean .
Two surfers ride a wave .
Two black dogs in the snow .
Two black dogs jump in the snow .
Two black dogs run in the snow in a field of dry grass .
Two dogs are running and playing in the snow
Two dogs playing in the snow .
a basketball player attempts to get the basketball from another player .
Fast paced basketball action
The basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up .
Two men are playing basketball
While one ball player watches helplessly , another jumps and shoots the ball toward the basket .
A basketball player is about to make a lay-up .
Four basketball players , in front of a crowd .
Miami and Clemson playing a basketball game , one player about to lay the ball in
The basketball player in white is jumping up to score a point against the orange team .
The man in the white jersey is trying to score and his opponent is trying to catch the ball .
Little kids stand together and receive an award for something .
Three children are standing with baskets on numbered blocks .
Three children standing on a podium , awaiting an award .
Three children stand on a pedestal indicating first , second , and third place .
three children stand on the pedestal .
Dogs chase each other .
Two brown and white dogs wrestle while running across the wet sand .
Two dogs , identical white with brown spots wrestle on jet black sand .
Two white and brown dogs playing on a beach .
Two white dogs with brown markings playing .
Two ladies wearing dresses pose on the side of the road at night .
Two woman wearing dresses stand in the street and pose .
Two women in dresses pose on a street .
Two women on the side of a road .
Two women wearing dresses and heels posing under hanging lights on a street .
A white duck expanding its wings in the water .
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .
A white duck spreads its wings while in the water .
white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
Two boys on a boat riding though the water .
Two boys sitting on a boat in the water .
Two men are riding a blue and orange boat .
Two men sit on the dock overlooking blue water .
two young men with shirts are riding on the back of a boat with an orange deck .
A black and brown dog jumps through the snow .
A dog is running through the snow .
A dog running with a stick in the snow .
A German Shephard plays in the snow .
Black and tan dog with object in mouth in the snow .
A closeup of a white dog 's face while he is holding a stick in his mouth .
A closeup photo of a brown dog chewing on a muddy stick .
A tan dog chewing on a dog treat .
Dog with long wet hair biting stick .
The brown dog has a stick in its mouth .
Four children hold hands and jump into a pool .
Four children jumping in a swimming pool , with only two wearing water wings .
four children jump into the pool .
Four children jump into the pool together .
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool .
A group of children sit against a fence , covered with a blanket .
Four children huddle under a blanket .
Four children keeping warm under a blanket .
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors .
Four warmly dressed children sit by a cement wall covered in a blue blanket .
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building .
A man in a red suit climbs a rock wall .
A rock climber wearing a Santa suit is hanging from a strand of Christmas lights .
Santa Claus climbing a rock strung with Christmas lights .
Someone dressed like Santa Claus is climbing a rock wall .
Two black dogs fetching toys in the snow .
Two black dogs in the snow .
Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths .
Two black dogs running on the snow are biting onto something red and orange .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
a bird dives for some food .
A falcon pursues a small rodent as it flees through the grass .
A hawk diving to catch a small animal .
Falcon closing in on rodent .
The hawk swoops down upon its prey .
The two children and the baby with the pink shirt are surrounded by toys .
Three children playing on a floor with toys .
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys .
Three young children playing with colourful toys .
Two small children and a baby are playing with a lot of toys together .
A white dog with brown ears leaps at a white dog running from it .
Two dogs running along a fence .
Two white dogs are running alongside one another next to a fence .
Two white dogs running and playing in a grassy yard .
Two white dogs running with each other .
A boy with a board strapped to his feet does a trick while holding onto some kind of rope .
A wakeboarder is leaping into the air whilst holding onto a yellow rope .
girl wearing swim gear is surfboarding
This boy is doing a stunt with a tow rope and skateboard .
Waterskier holding line , mid-jump and almost turned upside down .
A family surrounds a baby in the father 's lap .
a family gathers in the living room .
A man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children .
A man sitting on a couch holding a baby , surrounded by three young girls .
Three little girls looking at a baby that a man is holding on his lap
A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .
two cold people stand near a pole .
Two people outside in cold winter , with a scarf and hat on
Two people standing in the snow
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene .
A fruit stand with its vendor .
A man selling produce on the street .
a man sells fruit .
A man sells fruit .
Man with a fanny pack standing beside fruit stand .
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night .
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps .
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium .
A man stands at the top of a stadium staircase .
A child wearing big green fist gloves .
A young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on .
A young boys hands is wearing two giant green gloves .
A young boy wearing costume hands raises his arms .
Small barefoot child with large green toy hands .
A child staring at Santa .
A father and son looking at a funny looking Santa .
A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws .
The child is looking at Santa Claus .
The little boy has a yellow crown and the man is wearing red velvet .
A guy on a surfboard .
A man is surfing on a white surfboard with his hands upraised .
A man surfing a wave .
A surfer is doing a turn on his board .
Surfer in wetsuit riding a wave .
A man and woman in masks and costume make a toast in front of a christmas tree .
A woman in mask sits next to a man wearing a Santa suit and also in mask as they hold wine glasses next to a Christmas tree .
Santa and a woman drink wine next to the christmas tree while wearing joke disguise glasses .
Two people , one of whom is in a Santa costume , pose wearing funny glasses .
Two people with silly disguises at Christmas time
A girl jumping into a pool , with a man standing near .
A girl jumps into a swimming pool with a guy in black .
A man and little girl are playing in an above ground swimming pool .
A man and little girl splashing in pool .
a man in black clothes is watching a child making a splash in a pool .
A closeup of three people smiling for the camera .
A girl holds a glass and has a girl on her right and a boy on her left looking into the camera .
A girl in a black and white headband and pink neck tie holding a glass with friends on either side of her .
Three people pose for a picture .
Two women and a man pose for the camera .
A couple enjoying a bit of nightlife smile for the camera .
A guy and a female with drinks in hand .
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces .
A young couple holding drinks and smiling .
Two smiling people with drinks in their hands face each other for a picture .
a man and a woman are dressed in black coats
A man and a woman wearing black wool coats .
A man and woman both wearing black coats pose for a picture .
A man and woman in black coats are outside while it is snowing .
A man with glasses and a woman wearing a black hat both wearing black winter coats .
A couple wearing winter coats posing together .
A man and woman pose for a picture together , with neither smiling .
A man has is arm around the woman who is holding a metallic object up to her face .
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture .
Blurry photo of man and woman .
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital .
A man is playing the guitar for a child in a hospital bed
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A man plays guitar for a girl in the hospital .
A man with a guitar playing to an ill little girl in a hospital bed .
One girl is wearing a white t-shirt with red sleeves ; the other has words on hers .
two asian girls laughing together
Two girls with dark hair and white shirts .
Two girls with long hair are smiling and one is hold something white and green .
Two women in white shirts talking .
a boy wearing yellow reads a book .
A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him .
A parent and their toddler are reading a book .
A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap .
A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book .
A bunch of football players in blue .
A football team in blue uniforms run out of a smoke cloud .
A group of football players wearing blue uniforms run down a foggy field .
a large group of football players in blue jerseys running through the field .
Seven American footballers in blue are doing a victory run towards camera .
A bald man in a striped shirt and jeans walks away from a mural of a red car with a blonde man wearing an orange and black jacket with jeans .
Two men are walking towards a building with a huge car painted on it .
Two men walking in front of a grafitti image of a car .
two men walking past a graffited wall scene of a red classic car
Two men walking past a mural of a car .
An older man in a tank top and a younger girl in striped shirt pose on a couch .
An older man is hugging a younger girl .
An old man and a young woman embrace on a couch .
An old man is hugging a woman in a red striped top on the couch .
An old man is hugging the young girl wearing a red striped shirt .
A man stands onstage with a fireworks going off beside of him .
A performer on a concert stage .
A person onstage with a light show in pink and blue .
Fireworks light up the night as a man stands onstage .
Person standing onstage with fireworks shooting behind them
A subway train with lights on is at the station .
A train approaches in a dimly lit subway .
A train is underground .
The train is coming down the track .
train in station
A person in an orange shirt reaching up .
A person wearing an orange shirt has her hand in the air as others watch .
A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air .
a woman in orange throws her hand in the air .
The woman in the orange shirt has her hand raised .
A child is smiling whilst he is has his hands clasped in front of him .
A group of children doing a dance .
A group of young people doing a pose .
A little boy in a black and white snow costume dances with a group of little girls .
Children are dressed in black and white costumes .
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game .
A hockey player guards the goal .
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal .
An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal .
The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal .
A brown and white horse runs in the gravel .
A brown and white horse runs quickly .
a horse runs .
A large horse with gear , but no rider .
The horse gallops around the field .
A group of people are burning things .
Several people read by a campfire at night .
Three men in caps sit at fireside near cabin , reading at night .
three people sit around a campfire .
Three people sitting around a fire .
Two girls pose for a picture at Christmastime .
Two girls stand in front of a Christmas tree , with their arms around each other .
Two girls who look alike pose in front of a Christmas tree .
Two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a Christmas tree behind them .
Two young women smiling in front of a christmas tree .
Three girls are posing for a picture beside a dresser in front of a decorated Christmas tree .
Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
Three women are posing together in front of a Christmas tree .
Three women one of which is holding a paper cup posing in front of a Christmas tree .
Three women standing next to each other are smiling in front of a Christmas tree .
Four people make a silly pose at the dinner table .
Four people smile and hold golden plates behind their heads .
friends posing for a picture while holding plates
Two men and two women hold gold plates behind their heads .
Two men and women pose for a camera with large gold plates held behind their heads .
A dog leaps down the road .
A little white dog jumping on the ground .
A small dog jumping on a street .
A white dog is jumping on the street .
The dog is jumping in the air .
A man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard .
A person wearing a black sweatshirt and red pants is riding on a snowboard on a green box .
A snowboarder is beginning a stunt from the edge of a green jump box .
A snowboarder is standing on top of a platform in the snow .
The snowboarder is ready to jump .
A boy in a camouflage coat is jumping onto a snowboard .
a boy in black snow pants and a brown jacket is diving onto a blue sledge in front of a wooden fence .
A boy jumping onto a sled .
Child in camouflage jacket jumps on sled .
The boy is wearing a jacket .
A downhill skier in black catches a tiny bit of air
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A skier about to go down the mountain .
A skier is on a snow covered hill .
The skier is aiming downhill , overlooking a wooded area .
A black-and-white dog bounds off the ground , all feet in the air , of a yellow field .
A black and white dog is jumping over high yellow grass .
A black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass .
a dog runs through the dry grass .
The black and white dog runs through the field .
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with his skateboard .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding .
A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air .
A skateboarder jumps in the air .
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair .
Two boys are standing in a kitchen .
Two boys play in a kitchen .
Two little boys are standing in a kitchen .
Two young boys are playing in the kitchen of a house .
Two young boys standing in a kitchen with hardwood floors .
Two boys standing in an empty corn field in the winter .
Two people stand on a harvested field in cold weather .
Two young boys standing in a corn field after the harvest .
Two young boys wearing jackets frolic in a large field .
Two young people brave the cold .
A man playing rugby has the ball and tries to evade a tackler .
A man runs on a field with the ball and a man in a striped shirt is on the ground .
a man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
One rugby player attempts to take down another .
While holding tight to the ball , the man in red socks is getting tackled .
A toddler girl plays with another younger toddler girl .
Two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
Two babies are sitting close together while reaching for something .
Two children sitting on the floor .
Two young children sitting together playing .
A bald man is holding a cute baby girl in an office .
Adult man holds toddler .
An old man and a baby in red .
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red .
A crowd is watching a performance in a dark venue , and one man is taking a photo .
A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs .
A crowd of people with one man taking a photo .
A man with a camera aimed at a singer in a green jacket .
A photographer taking a picture while surrounded by people
A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men .
A man in a pointed red hat holds a white umbrella .
A man is wearing a Santa hat and holding a white umbrella while two men with orangish red boas look on in amusement .
People walk out of a building past two manequins .
Two men in black leather jackets , glasses , and hats , open them up for walkers .
A bunch of people are watching ice skaters .
Kids play in the snow while parents watch
Many people are watching others ice skate on a snowy day .
People are ice skating around a tree with onlookers and buildings nearby .
Several people standing near a tree in front of buildings .
Two elderly women with small child sucking pacifier
Two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown dress .
Two woman with a baby
Two women are holding a young child .
Two women sitting next to each other one is holding a baby and the other is showing her bracelet .
A baby plays with a woman .
A baby touching a woman 's face .
A toddler reaching for a woman 's face .
A toddler reaching out to a woman 's face .
The baby pinches the woman 's cheek .
A baby in pink , striped clothing is sitting near an older lady wearing red and black .
A baby sitting next to a very old woman .
A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier , and she is on a chair with another woman .
A woman in a red shirt is holding a black dog on a brown sofa with a little girl wearing a striped onsie with a pacifier in her mouth .
The baby sitting next to the black dog is sucking a pacifier .
A woman and a baby waiting with luggage
A woman monitoring a baby as it plays with nearby luggage .
Near seats , woman has spread out green blanket to sit on floor with baby .
Woman and baby sitting on floor in waiting room .
Woman and baby waiting at an airport .
An child playing in a pile of snow on a street while an adult watches .
Child playing in a snow mound in the street .
Children play in a pile of snow .
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road .
Two young girls dressed in winter clothes play in a mound of snow .
A girl wearing a Bohemian hat and black jacket is walking trying to get something out of her blue purse .
A woman in a short skirt and boots .
The lady is dressed for cold weather .
The lady is wearing a black coat , gloves , and boots .
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots .
Three smiling women , one with a shoulder bag , one with a blue cup and one using sign language are posing for a picture .
Three women are drinking and hugging .
Three women are posing for a picture
Three women are posing together and smiling while one holds up a hand signal .
Three women pose for a picture together .
A couple in an embrace looking at each other .
A man and woman are dancing nearby others who are doing the same .
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black .
The red haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white .
A basett hound runs for a falling biscut .
A brown dog with big ears walks across the carpet after a brown toy .
A hound dog runs around in a house chasing a toy .
Brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby .
The brown and white dog is running to catch something .
A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water .
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming .
A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth .
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water .
A small black and white dog carries a stick while swimming .
A child holds a yellow balloon .
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A little girl in traditional chinese garb holds a balloon .
A young girl is holding a long thin yellow balloon .
The little girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth .
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth .
A dog is running in water with a red stick in its mouth
A dog runs on the beach with a red toy with a string in his mouth .
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth .
A woman in a green coat standing next to a telephone stand .
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone .
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone .
A woman is standing near a public phone outside a bookstore on a city street .
Woman standing next to a public telephone near the street .
A boy and girl walk in shallow water .
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .
Two people are walking through some water .
Two people dressed in winter apparel venture out onto a frozen body of water .
Two people in winter coats walking down a road .
A black man is dunking a basketball while another man jostles him on the court .
A man in a white jersey is slam dunking a basketball .
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basketball game .
A person in uniform dunking a basketball .
Player number 23 dunks the basketball into the net with a crowd in the background .
A man in black rides a bicycle across the street while another walks holding a dog .
A man on a bicycle and a man on foot in a crosswalk .
A man on a bike and another man with a dog in his bag crossing a wet street
The man on the bike is riding next to a man holding a dog .
Two men , one on a bike and one that is walking .
a basketball player gets ready for the shot .
A basketball player is looking up and set to throw the ball .
Florida men 's basketball player # 33 shooting basketball .
The basketball player is holding a basketball getting ready to take a shot .
The Florida basketball player is preparing to shoot the ball .
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide .
Three boys climb on a slide
Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants are at the top of a slide .
Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose at the top of a slide .
Three children are posing on a playground slide .
Two boys are sitting in a green kayak on the grass .
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass .
Two children in green plastic boat on lawn .
Two children sit in a green vessel in a yard .
Two young boys are in a green kayak in the grass .
A man holds a stick while a stream of fire erupts from the end of it .
A man is playing with fire in front of a group of people .
A man sets off a large sparkler while the crown watches on .
A man with a firecracker with a crowd of people behind him watching .
fireworks light up a nighttime street , while the crowd stands back
A dog is running through some dead leaves .
a tan dog running through the grass with the background blurry
A yellow dog with a collar running in a wooded area .
Brown and tan dog runs through brown , leafy terrain
Pale brown dog runs in blurred , rural scene .
A basketball player holds the ball during a game .
Man with a basketball in a Florida uniform .
The basketball player in white is holding an orange basketball .
The basketball player is wearing a Florida jersey .
There is a Florida college player dribbling the ball .
A child gets ready to hike the ball to another .
Two boys playing flag football with purple jerseys .
Two children are playing flag football together .
two children are playing with a football on the grass .
Two little boys playing flag football in purple jerseys .
A man with rock climbing equipment is hanging from a vertical , white rock .
A woman climbing a rocky cliff .
A woman doing rock climbing .
a woman with a ponytail climbing a rock wall
A young woman with a ponytail climbs a white stone structure .
A closeup of an elderly man wearing glasses .
A man wearing glasses looks down and smiles .
A man with gray hair and glasses looks downwards .
An elderly man looks down and smiles .
Grey haired man with glasses .
Two bikers race uphill .
Two dirtbikers are taking their motorbikes through a snowy path .
Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit .
Two motor-cross riders race through dirty snow .
Two people in the middle of a dirt bike race .
A black dog is looking at the ball on the beach by the ocean .
A dog and a ball on a beach .
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .
A dog stands on a beach at sunset .
Dog in shadow on beach at sunset .
The two dogs are running toward the camera .
Two dogs running along dirt path .
Two dogs running down a path in the woods .
Two dogs run through a field .
Two long haired dogs racing down a forest path .
A person riding a snowboard goes over a snowy ramp .
A snowboarder flies off a huge jump .
A snowboarder flies through the air after leaving a large snow ramp .
person on snowboard in air
The snowboarder jumps in midair on his board .
a couple leaning over a concrete railing inside of a building
A man and a woman are looking at each other while standing on an elaborate indoor balcony .
A man and a woman looking over a balcony at an elegant building
A man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building .
A man and woman stand at a balcony looking at each other .
A brown dog running through the water .
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
Wet blonde dog running through water
A man dressed in a military uniform bends over to speak to a person sitting on the sidewalk .
A man in sailor whites talks to a person seated on the ground .
a man sitting on the floor crying while another man is trying to comfort him .
A pilot is bending down to assist a man that is crying .
A sailor is checking on a man who is sitting on the ground crying .
A man fishing in a pointy blue boat on a river lined with palm trees .
A man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds .
A man rows a canoe through wooded waters .
A reson is in a blue canoe in front of some plants .
Person in aqua boat beside tropical bank
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .
A man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches .
Two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
Two people on a street , one person looking down .
A black and white dog bits the jacket of a person .
A dog pulls at the sleeve of a man in a leather coat .
A dog with a sleeve in its mouth of a coat a man is wearing .
Brown and white dog biting man 's leather jacket .
The dog has jumped up and is pulling at the man 's leather jacket with its mouth .
A black and white dog walks along a sandy beach .
A dog walks along a beach .
A dog walks on the sand along the water .
A white dog running on the beach .
The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean .
A brown dog is running next to a chain link fence while a darker dog stands nearby .
Two dogs in a yard .
Two dogs run around inside a fence .
Two dogs standing in the grass , one is running .
Two greyhounds are playing in a fenced yard .
A boy and a dog hold onto the same stick in a game .
A boy and a dog play with a stick .
A boy tries to take a stick from a small , brown dog .
a small dog with a boy holding a stick in his mouth
A young boy grabbing a stick his dog is holding in his mouth .
A kid wearing a life jacket in a swimming pool .
A young child in a pool wearing a life vest .
a young child swimming in a pool wearing a blue life jacket
Two black children , one wearing a floatation device , play in a pool .
Two boys in a swimming pool
A person in a red shirt holding a paper bag above a baggage cart .
A person riding transit ( catching ? ) a paper bag .
A woman sitting on a bus with a paper bag hanging on a carrier
Man seated on train , holding onto a rolling coat rack that holds a shopping bag
Woman with a brown paper bag on a bus .
A little girl in a black dress smiles as she sits on Santa 's lap .
A little girl is sitting on Santa 's lap
A man dressed as Santa clause , with a little girl in his lap .
A young girl is sitting on Santa 's lap .
Santa Claus with a young girl in a black print dress in his lap .
two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
Two black dogs run through the snow with a red toy in one dog 's mouth .
Two dogs are chewing at a red object whilst running in the snow .
Two dogs fighting over a toy in the snow .
Two dogs playing together in the snow .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder in midair
A snowboarder in midair , hovering over a snow ramp .
A snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains .
a snowboarder jumps off of a ramp in the snowy mountains
A brown dog bites a purple mitten in the snow .
A brown dog in snow is biting at a piece of pink cloth .
A dog in the snow ripping an object with its teeth
A dog on snow has something in its mouth .
The brown dog is gnawing at something in the snow .
A man in skiing gear is airborne .
A man is skiing in midair .
A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene .
A skier is airborne in front of some trees .
A skier flies through the air .
A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
A basketball player takes a shot .
A black man playing basketball with orange shoes
Basketball player with 32 on jersey jumps to make a shot , crowd in background .
Miami basketball player shooting
A basketball
a basketball player dribbles the ball .
A Miami basketball player dribbles the ball and looks serious .
A Miami Hurricanes basketball player has possession of the ball .
The basketball player in the white strip is dribbling the ball on the court .
A bald man dribbles a basketball while wearing a Miami jersey .
Man playing basketball , jersey number 5 .
Number five plays basketball for Miami .
The basketball player is wearing orange sneakers .
The number five Miami player dribbles down the court .
A dog jumping up in the air .
A dog stands on his hind legs for a lady in purple .
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it .
A white and brown spotted dog , standing on its hind legs in front of a woman and a cake .
The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs .
A man jumps over a staircase with a skateboard , doing a trick .
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard .
A skateboarder in the air while flipping his board
A young man does a skateboard trick near steps outside .
a young man doing tricks on a skateboard
A black dog shakes itself dry on the beach in front of the waves .
A dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean .
A dog shaking off after coming out of the ocean .
dog shaking off water by the ocean
The dog is shaking off his fur in front of the water .
A man jumps while on a snowboard .
A man wearing camo pants and a grey jacket snowboarding near a wooded area .
a snowboarder is airborne in front of some trees .
A young man performs tricks on a snowboard .
Snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap .
A boy does a jumping trick on a snowboard .
A person in an orange parka soaring through the air on a snowboard .
a snowboarder gets some air .
A snowboarder wearing an orange jacket in midair .
A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow .
A dog catches a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps up to catch a blue and tan ball .
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
A dog with its mouth open is about to catch a ball in a living room .
A white dog with black spots is catching a baseball with its mouth .
many people carry their drums .
Marching band dressed in yellow and green march on the field .
Oregon percussionists are marching with the band .
People marching on the grass in yellow shirts carrying drums
Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up carrying drums .
Several basketball players are grabbing for the ball during a game .
The basketball player in white holds the ball .
Three basketball players leap to grab a ball .
three men are playing a game of basketball
Three men are playing basketball .
A blond woman with her hand on the throat of a blond girl .
A mother is asking her daughter to make a nice face for the camera .
There are two blond hair women in the picture with one pretending to choke the other .
Two blonde women , one in glasses .
Two women joking around are caught on camera .
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches .
Some kids play in a field .
The children are playing outdoors , while a man smiles nearby .
The girl in the light pink shirt is playing a game with the other children .
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard .
A black and white dog is trying to catch a Frisbee in the air .
A dog jumps to catch a red Frisbee in the yard .
Dog is jumping up on a very green lawn to catch a Frisbee .
The black and white dog tries to catch a red Frisbee on green grass .
Three boys walk on rocks along a river .
Three males walk on rocks by a stream .
three men in brown shorts are walking on rocks beside a river .
three people walking on rocks near a stream
Three people walk on the rocks near the water .
a lone skier wearing a red backpack stumbling down a snowy mountain
A person skiing downhill .
A skier is attempting a turn in a patch of deep snow pack .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A skier is falling down a snowy mountain .
A man in a black helmet riding his bike on a trail .
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path .
a man is riding a trails bicycle on a dirt track through rough terrain .
A man wearing a black bike helmet rides a bike on a brown , grassy surface with weeds all around .
Man riding a bicycle through dry grass
A blond hair boy in short , short sleeve shirt and sandals in overlooking a snowcapped mountain .
A boy in a blue shirt is standing at the foot of a hill with a snowball in his hand .
A boy in a t-shirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain .
A boy preparing to throw a snowball
A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain .
The two guys in blue jeans and winter hats hand out condoms .
Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them .
Two young men distribute Obama condoms .
two young men promting their website wearing knit caps and trying to sell condoms
Two young men stand in front of a sign advertising a website .
A fight breaks out at a hockey game .
A hockey fight .
A referee tries to break up a fight between two players at a hockey game .
a referee stops a hockey fight .
The referee is coming to break up the fight between the hockey players .
A barefoot man in his pajamas is looking toward the sky while walking on the tennis court .
A barefoot man walks across a tennis court .
A man in a blue shirt is walking barefoot .
a man wearing a blue shirt walking barefoot on a tennis court
The man is wearing a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court .
These men are smoking outside a grey building .
Two men are standing by a railing , while posing for a picture .
Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail .
Two men smoking behind a railing .
Two men smoking while standing by a rail in front of a building
a couple of people running on the shore near the beach .
A man and a woman hopping acrouss hot sand .
People running away from seagulls on the beach .
Two people run in the sand at the beach .
Two people run along a beach with seagulls
A family sits , works , and talks in the kitchen .
A man and two women are busying themselves in the kitchen while a woman looks at the camera .
A photo of four people in a kitchen .
Four people in a kitchen
Four people site in a kitchen
Three dogs are playing in the white snow .
Three dogs , one holding a red Frisbee , standing in snow .
Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow .
Three dogs playing with a toy in the snow .
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field .
A child running in the grass .
A child runs through the grass laughing .
A little kid running towards the camera .
A small child runs along the grass smiling .
A smiling little boy runs on freshly mowed grass between a row of trees .
A baby is held by an adult and is sitting on a table at a coffee shop .
A man holds a baby on the table at a restaurant .
A man in glasses has his arm around a baby in orange and yellow that has foam on her nose .
An adult holds a small child who sits on a table in a mall food court .
Man in glasses holding a toddler on the table at a restaurant .
Two brown dogs are running through the green grass .
Two brown dogs run through the grass .
Two dogs are running through the grass .
Two dogs run through grass .
Two light colored dogs running in the grass .
A group of
A group of aboriginal girls is wearing bright colors .
A group of African children are dressed in colorful clothes .
A group of children in African clothing .
A group of little girls wearing headscarfs pose for a group picture .
A dog leaps across the grass .
A white and brown dog is running over grass .
A white dog with a red collar and black spots runs on newly cut grass .
The dog in a red collar runs in the grass .
White dog with black markings and red collar leaping over the grass .
A female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing .
A woman skies
A woman skiing
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .
The girl skies down the snowy mountain .
A parachute is making his landing as the sunsets behind him .
A person is parasailing as the sun sets .
A person paraglides at sundown .
A silhouette of a figure parachuting at sunset .
With the sun rising , a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them .
A brown and white dog jumps onto a beige leather chair .
A brown and white dog sliding off an oversized cream chair .
A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
A small white dog jumps on a chair
A white and brown dog jumps on a white leather recliner chair .
A lone surfer on a white surfboard atop a huge wave in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave .
A man in a wetsuit surfs .
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
This is a male surfer riding against the waves .
a group of children playing in a stream
A group of children play in the muddy water near the woods .
Six people are sitting in a shallow creek making mud castles .
Six people in bathing suits are playing around in a creek .
Some children are playing in a woodland stream .
A female snowboarder relaxing as the day comes to an end
a girl wearing a green jumpsuit and goggles with a beautiful sunset in the background
A snowboarder in a green jumpsuit looks behind herself .
A woman snowboarder has a profile photo taken of herself at sunset .
A woman wearing colorful goggles looks to the side as a sun sets behind her .
An elephant draped in red , blue and gold fabric walking on a stone path .
An elephant is carrying something in its trunk and is covered by some bright-colored fabric .
an elephant wearing a colorful drap carrying foliage in his trunk .
An elephant wearing a red and blue scarf walks along the brick road .
An elephant wearing red and blue fabric holds grass in his trunk .
A man holding a cup rides down an elevator .
A man holding a drink is coming down an escalator .
A man on an escalator carrying a red and white cup looking up .
A young man holding a drink is going down a green escalator .
Man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
A skier coming over a snowy hill while people look on .
A snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch .
One person snowboarding while others look on .
People are watching a skier perform a trick in the air .
There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow .
A group of elephants are being ridden by men .
Five men dressed in white ride on elephants that are painted with bright colors .
Five men wearing turbans are riding on elephants a far eastern city street .
Four men wearing turbans wait to give elephant rides to people .
Several men riding elephants through the street .
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant 's head .
A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist .
A woman is petting a man 's elephant .
A woman pats an elephant that is saddled to give rides .
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant .
A group of woman in red shirts are singing .
A group of women in red shirts singing together .
Choir ensemble of women dressed in red .
These women in red tops are singing .
The women are wearing red shirts , and singing .
A goalie in a blue jersey catches a soccer ball by a player in a red jersey .
A man catches a ball in front of a large crowd .
A soccer goalie blocking a shot next to a player from the opposite team .
There is a goalie in the air making a save in a game .
Two soccer players are playing soccer .
A boy in a white shirt and blue shirts is playing tennis .
A boy swings his tennis racket at a tennis ball .
A kid in a black cap and light blue shorts playing tennis .
A person with sunglasses , blue shorts and a white shirt hitting a tennis ball .
A woman is hitting a tennis ball .
Two dogs are playing catch in a field .
Two dogs attempt to get a small ball .
two dogs jump for the ball .
Two white dogs are chasing a ball with one of them airborne .
Two white dogs are playing with an orange ball in the dry grass .
Man and woman use telephot lenses by a winter road .
Several people take pictures with tripods in the snow .
Two people film on a snowy day .
Two people outside in the snow taking pictures .
Two people taking pictures over snow covered ground .
sleds sled down the street
Children are sledding down a snowy hill .
Five children sledding down a snow-covered street .
Four children snow sledding down a hill .
The people ride down the road on sleds .
A man riding down a snowy hill .
A person riding a sled down a snowy slope .
Riding a sled down a hill .
The boy in the black outfit is riding down the snowy hill on a red sled .
The young boy sleds down the hill in the snow .
people are skiing down a snow covered hill
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
Four ski patrollers on skis are wearing helmets and goggles .
Skiers in uniform progress down a snowy slope .
there are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill .
A brown dog is running on a snow covered path .
A brown dog is running through the snow .
A brown dog runs down a snow-covered path .
A brown dog runs through a snowy trail .
A dog runs on a snowy path .
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass .
A white dog is chasing behind a black and white dog .
A white dog runs alongside a black and white dog in a grassy area .
Two dogs playing in a field .
Two white dogs running in grass .
A boy is skating along a ledge in an indoor skate center .
A guy on Rollerblades is grinding on a rail in a skate park .
A rollerblader grinding down a narrow platform at an indoor skate park .
a roller-blader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park .
Young man with white helmet is rollerblading on a ledge
Two men juggling red , blue , and green blocks .
Two men look like they are playing with boxes in a mall .
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony .
Two young Asian men juggle colored boxes in a mall .
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching .
A man is riding a bike down a dirt trail .
A mountain biker is riding on a woodland path .
A person is riding a bicycle on a trail through some trees .
Person riding a bike through area of trees and fallen leaves .
The bike rider rides in a wooded area .
A lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day .
A person dressed in black skiing down a snow covered hill .
A person skis down a snowy hill .
A skier on a high mountain slope .
Skier skiing downhill
A dog is walking through snow and a figure is in the distance .
A dog walking along a frosty path .
A dog walks in a foggy place .
A white dog walking in the snow .
A white dog walks along a path which has a thin covering of snow flakes .
A man and a woman wearing a head covering turn the video camera on themselves .
A man and woman pose for the video camera that they are holding .
A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera .
A smiling couple with a camcorder .
Woman standing with man holding a camcorder and smiling into lens .
A bike racer in a red jersey is pursued by another rider wearing blue .
Man with red shirt on a red bike in front of two other people on bikes .
Three bicyclists racing up a dirt path through the forest .
Three bikers pedal up a forest trail .
Three men riding bikes through the woods .
A person in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean with a wave coming down .
A person is surfing .
A surfer in all black is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
A brown dog carries a multiple colored toy in the grass .
A brown dog is running across the yard with its toy in its mouth .
A dog with a toy runs through the grass .
A golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy .
The dog is running with his toy in his mouth .
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress is lying on the floor crying .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her .
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum .
Two children sit on an animal 's back .
Two children sitting on a deer statue for a photo .
Two kids sit on a statue of a deer .
Two little kids riding on a fake reindeer .
Two young children sit on top of a deer statue .
a boy in a brown shirt , throwing a Frisbee .
A boy leaping to catch a flying Frisbee .
A child trying to catch a Frisbee .
A young child leaps and stretches to catch a blue Frisbee .
The little kid runs to grab the blue Frisbee that is flying through the air .
A man and a woman wearing costume glasses ( with attached eyebrows , nose , and moustache ) and holding cigars .
An older couple with Goucho Marx masks and fake cigars .
An older couple with joke glasses and cigars .
Man and woman wearing false eyebrows and noses .
The man and woman are posing with fake glasses and moustaches .
A dog stands on a bench in the snow .
A dog stands on a bench while snow is falling .
A Jack Russell Terrier stands on a bench in the snow .
a white and brown dog stands on a stone wall at night whilst snow is falling .
The dog stands on something while the snow falls around him .
A man performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
A person on a skateboard during a high jump .
a skateboarder is airborne in front of some low brick buildings .
A skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard .
A skateboarding soaring through the air in front of a blue building .
A group of dancers wearing black spandex are dancing in a studio .
A group of men and women in a dancing studio , their arms reaching to the sky .
Men and women in a dance class .
Men and women in dark shorts and tops are stretching their hands to the ceiling .
Several women and men are lifting their arms straight up above their heads .
a couple each wearing a silly mask and holding a fake cigar
A man and a woman are dressed as Groucho Marx with fake cigars .
a man and a woman dress up .
A man and a woman wear funny masks and pretend to smoke large , fake cigars .
A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises .
A person does a trick in the air on a skateboard .
A snowboarder is leaping a mogul .
There are two people on a ski run and one is high in the air making a jump .
There are two snowboarders , one , who is dressed in white , is doing a trick .
Three people are in the snow .
A man wearing a green jacket and hat is snowboarding .
A person in a green coat is snowboarding .
A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air .
A snowboarder jumps off of a jump .
a snowboarder jumps on the snow .
A cricket player is bowling the ball as the batsman is getting ready to run .
A man winds up for pitching a cricket ball in a professional cricket game .
The two men are playing cricket in a stadium .
Two guys dressed in white play Cricket .
Two men with cricket equipment play on the field with an audience behind them .
A group of boys playing soccer in a muddy wet field .
There are 2 shirtless boys jumping up from some water looking at a soccer ball .
Two boys are playing soccer in a muddy marsh
two boys play soccer in the rain .
Two young boys playing with a soccer ball in a pond in the middle of a grassy field .
A person in the distance is windsurfing on a day with a clear blue sky .
A person is hang gliding in the ocean .
A person parasailing on a wave .
A person surfs on a craft with a sail .
Someone is parasailing on a blue and yellow parasail .
A downhill skier races near trees .
A person skis down a snowy and tree-filled hill .
A person skis down a forested hill .
A person skis through a forest of tall trees .
A skier is riding skis along a tree lined trail .
A brown and white pitbull , with a black collar , is about to leap over a branch
A brown dog climbs over a fallen branch in a wooded area .
A brown dog hops over a fallen tree branch .
A brown dog is jumping over a tree limb in a wooded area .
Brown dog with white mark in chest and black collar going over a limb on ground .
A city worker with the bright yellow vest is looking intot he crowd of people on the side of a busy street .
A security person in lime green monitors the busy city streets .
A woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by .
A woman with a yellow jacket and matching hat watching as people walk by her .
Person in neon green jacket and hat standing on sidewalk while people walk by
A boy dressed in a yellow and black snowsuit plays with a brown dog wearing a red collar .
A boy in a yellow and black coat playing with brown dog .
a dog pulling down yellow pants on a little boy in the snow
A young child and a dog are playing in the snow .
The boy and a brown dog are standing in the snow .
A driver with a white helmet is sitting in a yellow race car .
a man sitting inside some sort of yellow vehicle
a person in a white helmet strapped into a yellow car
A person with helmet is sitting inside a yellow vehicle .
Bird 's eye view of a driver in his car
A man and two ladies looking faded as they hold bottles of beer in their hands .
A man in a red shirt and two women hold beer
Bald man , two women with beers , posing at event .
Man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles .
Three people holding beers and posing for a picture .
a lone surfer riding a huge wave soaring through midair with his arms raised .
A man in a dark wetsuit is caught by a wave .
A man is jumping into the surf .
A surfer catches a big wave and catches himself in the middle of a fall .
Man in action over a wave
A bald man is posing with two smiling girls .
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .
A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles .
A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them .
Two women and a man posing for a photograph .
Four people are posing outside .
Four people posing for a picture
Four people , two women in the front and a man and woman in the back , pose at night .
One man and three women pose for the camera .
Three women and one man are posing for a picture .
a girl carrying a yellow bag is looking at pictures in a photo gallery .
A girl looking at some pictures on a wall .
a lady looks at the art on the wall .
A woman is looking at a group of photographs .
The young woman with the large white bag is looking at pictures in an art gallery .
A large group of asian people are eating at a restaurant .
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue .
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant .
Many people sitting at many tables .
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights .
A person skiing downhill in the snow .
A skier puffs up a cloud of snow .
A skier traveling downhill in deep snow .
Someone is skiing down a step snowy hill .
The skier is buried in the snow .
A man in a white hat is standing behind a woman with a red shawl over her head .
A man with a white hat and brown shirt , behind a woman in red , looks to the left .
A man with a white hat and plaid shirt behind a woman with a red headdress .
An Arabic man in a white hat .
The man with the white head piece looks left down the street .
A woman concentrates on the device in her hand in the midst of a crowded establishment all lit in purple .
Inside a bar there are people with red shirts .
many people line up , and a woman texts .
People are waiting in a line of a dimly lit restaurant with purple light .
People stand in line at a place with purple lighting .
One dog is jumping up at another dog by a fence on a snowy day .
Two blond dogs sniff one another .
Two dogs in snow .
Two dogs play in the snow
Two tan dogs play in the snow .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
Two large black dogs , one small black dog , and one large white dog are standing in some snow .
Two blond dogs are fighting on a frosty lawn .
Two large white dogs are fighting in the grass .
two white dogs fighting with each other
Two white dogs play together on a slightly snowy patch of green grass .
Two white long haired dogs play roughly with each other in tall grass with snow .
a black and white dog is standing on the grass with its mouth wide open .
A black and white dog looks at the camera with an open mouth .
A black and white dog , on a green field , barking at the camera .
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open .
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open .
A boy playing in a mud puddle .
A young shirtless boy in kakhi pants is kneeling in a marsh while someone splashes nearby .
Boy laughs while playing in mud puddle .
Boys splash in the muddy puddle in the grass .
Two boys playing and splashing around in muddy water .
A group of dogs run through the snowy field .
Four dogs happily running in snow .
Four dogs running in the snow
Four dogs running over snow covered grass .
Several different colored dogs running in a snowy field
a basketball player wearing a red and white jersey while running down the court .
A dark skinned man in a white sports outfit plays basketball .
A man dribbles a ball during a basketball game .
An SMU basketball player playing basketball .
The SMU basketball player drives to the basket .
A boy on a red snowboard is airborne .
A man in a yellow coat jumps his snowboard off a rail .
A person in the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder doing a jump off of a ledge .
A snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night .
a couple standing outside in the dark near some festive lights .
Beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night .
Two men meet by a fountain engulfed in lights , they are wearing Winter coats .
Two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night .
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue .
A person is holding a baby in yellow .
a slightly older picture of a mother and her newborn sitting next to the rotary dial phone
A woman holds a baby while lying on a couch
A woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph .
Woman holding baby covered with yellow blanket
A dog jumping up for a ball held by a woman in black skirt , beige vest and blue shirt
A dog jumps up to take something from a woman 's hand .
A woman holding a ball and a dog
A woman holds a ball while a dog leaps for it .
The woman places a ball into the jumping dog 's mouth .
A flag is carried .
A red , white , black and green flag .
The flag of a country is being held in a crowd
There is a hand in front of a red , green , white , and black flag .
There is a picture of a green , white , black , and red flag .
A dog is playing in the deep snow .
A dog running through deep snow pack .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
A white dog is running through the snow .
White dog running through snow
a crowd of people are at a fair in front of booth where giant teddy bears can be won .
A picture of a crowd of people and hanging teddy bears at a stand .
Large stuffed bears hang above a carnival game .
Many people are crowded around a game table with toy bears hanging over it .
People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes .
a lot of people playing games at an arcade
A man in blue at an arcade is playing a fishing game .
A man is trying to fish for a prize in a fairground game .
An asian man is fishing in an arcade game .
The family attempts to get a prize at the carnival .
A bird is flying through the air .
A blue heron flying .
A gray egret takes flight .
A large bird is in mid flight .
A pelican flies through the air in front of trees .
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill .
A man is sledding on an orange slide .
a man riding a red sled going fast down a snowy hill
An adult kicks up a cloud of snow on an orange sled .
A sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope .
One lady is drinking something while the other is preoccupied .
The brown hair woman in the blue fleece sits beside a white hair woman .
Two women eating , one elderly and one middle-aged .
Two women , one looking down , the other drinking .
Two women , the younger one is looking down , the older is drinking .
A group of boys is sitting in a large mud puddle in a grassy field .
A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass .
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream .
Four boys play in the mud .
Four boys sit in the mud .
a man walks through an arcade .
Many people in warm clothing crowd around carnival games indoors .
Many people playing colorful carnival games .
This marketplace is very busy .
Young people in a busy arcade
A dart throwing game to bust the balloons for prizes .
A small child is holding a stuffed animal at an amusement park game booth with balloons .
people are playing a carnival game trying to pop balloons
People gather in front of a balloon game .
People standing at carnival game of balloons and stuffed animals on wall .
A man in a red coat stands outside of a store near a big column .
A man in a red jacket and jeans stands next to a column in front of a store .
A man standing near a street corner .
A man wearing a red coat stands on the corner near a building .
Two people are standing outside a store on a city street .
Boys with bottles pose in shopping carts in urban area .
Four guys are sitting in shopping carts on a city roof top
Four young males pose on shopping carts .
Several teenage boys are sitting in grocery carts in a parking lot .
Teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop .
A man in black swimming gear parasails .
A man windsurfing
A man windsurfs with a group of other windsurfers .
The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail .
The man is on a ski boat in the water .
A boy in a sports uniform chasing a soccer ball
A boy preparing to kick a ball , wearing a blue uniform .
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
Boy in a blue uniform playing soccer .
A border collie is outside jumping over an obstacle .
A collie jumping over a white obstacle .
A collie jumps a hurdle
a collie jumps over a white agility jump
A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass .
A person snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A snowboarder is coming down a hill .
Person snowboarding down a snow covered slope .
Someone is snowboarding down a hill , shredding snow .
The man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A boy and girl , both in jeans , are standing in front of a fence .
A girl in gray and a guy in stripes pose against a fence .
A man and woman stand next two each other , in front of a wood fence .
Smiling woman with man in striped sweatshir in the park .
two people posing for the picture with a few trees in the background
A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him .
A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform makes a defensive move .
Basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal .
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
People seen through the window of a bus .
There are three women on a bus .
Three people riding in a blue bus at night .
Three women are minding their own business on a bus in the city .
Three women sit on the subway ; one talks on the phone while the others read .
Two boys are walking up the beach with a bunch of ducks behind them .
Two children walking up a hill away from ducks on a lake .
Two little boys running from a lake with ducks
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water .
Two young boys run on the beach with ducks behind them in the pond .
A girl in jeans sitting on a white couch and smiling .
A girl is sitting on a couch with a keyboard in her lap .
A girl sits on a white couch next to a boy in a gray shirt .
A smiling woman sits on a white couch .
The girl is sitting on a white couch with a boy nearby .
A bicyclist doing a trick on a ramp .
A cyclist is performing a jump on a graffiti covered ramp .
a large graffitied skateboarding ramp with a couple people in the background
Person in the midst of a ramp jump .
The boy is performing a trick off a ramp with a skateboard .
A group of adults gather for a picture in front of a brick house .
A group of people are posing for a picture .
a large group of people posing together outside of a house .
A large group portrate outside of a small office building .
A medium sized group of people pose in front of the camera .
A girl in colorful clothes on the beach
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan .
A girl with colorful clothes is holding colorful scarfs .
A young woman carries a lot of colorful scarves on the beach .
Woman walking on the beach selling woven items .
A person snowboarding in the late afternoon sun .
A snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow .
The snowboarder flew through the air while the sun sets on the horizon .
The snowboarder jumps off a snow covered hill .
A boy in speedos , wading through a lake .
a boy walks through the water .
A young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby .
Boy heads into water , big tents and hills in background , in rural area .
While some people look in the barn , others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach .
Two babies are sitting in a play mat .
two babies playing inside of a colorful padded enclosure .
Two children sit inside a play area .
Two toddlers are sitting in a colorful playpen .
Two toddlers are sitting in a plastic playpen with a blue floor .
A bicyclist is in the air over a ramp .
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp .
A bike rider on a ramp .
A boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down .
A guy on a bike goes vertical near a ramp with a grassy , hilly terrain behind him .
a wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground .
Two men engage in a professional wrestling match .
two men in a fight in a ring
Two men in midair fighting in a professional wrestling ring .
Two wrestlers jump in a ring while an official watches .
A homeless man living on the street
A man covered with a blanket is asleep on the sidewalk .
A man sleeps under a blanket on a city street .
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .
The man is sleeping under a blanket in the street as the crowds pass by .
A man wearing goggles snowboards on a half pipe .
A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow .
Person snowboarding at a ski slope .
The snowboarder in the blue pants is performing a trick .
The snowboarder is wearing a dark top , blue pants and a helmet with goggles .
Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen .
Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area .
two toddlers play together .
Two toddles play in a colorful padded play area .
Two young children are playing with toys .
A woman in shadow looks at the camera while the one in the sun looks at a book .
Girl stands reading a notebook .
Two girls stand up against a red wall .
Two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book .
Two young women wearing black head scarves and colorful skirts stand near a red door .
A bearded man is riding a bicycle on the beach .
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean .
an older man with long grey hair and a long grey beard bike riding on the shore .
A white-bearded man rides a bicycle on the beach .
Gentleman with long grey hair and a beard riding bicycle on the beach .
A basketball player in the air about to make a shot .
A basketball player jumps up with the ball as two others watch .
A school basketball game is in progress .
Basketball player from Eastern goes between two defenders for a shot .
Men playing a basketball game .
A giant billboard of a man 's abs
Pedestrians walk in front of an advertisement depicting a shirtless man in jeans .
people pass by a huge black and white poster of a male model unzipping his jeans .
People walk by a large advertisement of partially naked man .
Some people walk past a large billboard .
A bicycle rider jumps off a ramp .
A bmx rider performs a stunt beside a graffiti covered wall .
A man in dark clothing on a bicycle in midair near a stunt ramp with graffiti behind him .
A person on a bike is midair , twisting his body around the handlebars , with graffiti behind him .
The person is on a bike .
A man in racing gear turns a corner on his green motorcycle .
A man on a green motorcycle speeding up the road .
A motorcyclist speeding along a road on a green Kawasaki sport motorcycle .
A person driving a green motorcycle
The helmeted man rides a green Kawasaki .
A man and a boy sitting with their back to a stone wall , the man paying a flute .
A man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall .
A man holding a flute and a boy sit on a street against a red wall .
Man and young child sitting on the ground in front of red rock wall .
The man and boy sit on the ground , next to a rocky wall .
The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market .
The two people have their heads covered with scarves .
two woman wearing different colored scarfs over their hair outside .
Two women with head garb looking at each other in a public area .
Woman with red headwrap at a market with a woman with a brown headwrap .
A man is about to fall off his surfboard in a wave .
A man surfs , the sun behind him , his face in shadow .
A woman on a surfboard in front of a wave of green water
Someone is surfing a giant wave .
The boy is surfing .
A dog sits on a red blanket with a man in a dark hoodie .
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it .
Big brown and white spotted dog laying on a jacket on the street .
THe dog takes a rest in the park .
The mouse is sitting on the dog that is in turn sitting on a coat in front of the man wearing the black top .
A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean .
a brown dog is running in the ocean whilst carrying an orange object in its mouth .
A dog is running out of the ocean with an orange floating toy in its mouth .
A dog running through the water with a toy at the beach .
A well-muscled dog retrieves an orange toy from the surf .
two girls hold up a card reading " know what this is " ?
Two kids smiling and holding a card .
Two people pose for a picure holding a card that says " know what this is ? "
Two people smile at the camera while holding a sign .
Two teenage girls hold a card referring to periods as they smile .
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .
Two Muslim woman wearing their head scarves and frowning faces .
Two women are wearing lavender scarves an their heads .
Two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer .
Two women in head wraps .
A girl is touching a man 's ear in front of a tree while another man leans in .
a girl touches the side of a young man 's head , while another young man watches .
A young woman touching a young man 's cheek while a friend looks on
Girl touches young man 's face as young man in pink shirt observes , leafy background .
Three people are near a tree and the woman touches one of the men 's faces .
A woman in a blue shirt runs through a field of dry grass .
A woman in the blue sweater is running through a brown field .
a woman jogging on an open field
A woman runs outside in a blue coat .
The woman in the blue jacket ran through the field .
A girls soccer game with one team in pink , the other in light blue .
Girls playing soccer in pink versus blue teams uniforms .
Girls play soccer .
Girls wearing pink and blue uniforms are playing a soccer game .
The girls on the pink team and the blue team play a game of soccer .
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards .
A girl bending backwards holding her hat .
A person bending backwards .
A person in a blue sweatshirt is doing a back bend .
A woman in blue bends over backwards on the street .
A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean .
A little girl runs across the wet beach .
A little girl runs on the wet sand near the ocean .
A young girl runs across a wet beach with the ocean in the background .
Child running on the beach .
A bike rider jumping the hill on his bicycle .
A man leaving the ground on a bicycle .
A man wearing a blue shirt and matching helmet is jumping his bike over a hill .
a mountain biker riding on a hillside wearing a helmet .
One person jumping his bike towards the camera while another one in the background is walking his bike away from the camera .
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill .
A child in a blue jacket going down a hill on a sled .
A kid riding a red sled down a snowy hill .
A little kid in blue is sledding down a snowy hill .
A young child is sledding down a snowy hill on a red sled .
A black and white dog catching a tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog stands in a field with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A dog with a ball in a grassy field .
A dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside .
The black and white dog catches the tennis ball in his mouth .
Four men wearing plaid sit on chairs .
Four men who look alike sit in chairs , while two of them drink from glasses .
Four of the same man in the same room .
There is 4 pictures of the same guy and he has a crown on in 3 of them .
Three men with matching shirts , pants and hats and a man in robe are in a room .
A man displays a photograph .
a man holding up a picture of two people suffering
A man is holding up a small poster with two people in it .
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture .
A man is walking down the street holding up a picture .
A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball .
A women 's sports squad performs some tricks , including lifting members high and tossing a ball .
Team members being lifted up high to catch a flying ball .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
Woman being lifted by other women play volleyball .
A man and a woman in a silver coat are on a city sidewalk with their backs to the camera .
A woman walks with another person at night .
Couple waiting on sidewalk .
People are outside at night .
Two people outside looking to get a paper .
A boy surrounded by pigeons
A little boy is surrounded by many pigeons .
A little boy wearing a blue hat and coat is standing amongst the pigeons on the street .
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .
The little child in the blue cap is amidst the pigeons .
A bearded man holding a sign .
A homeless man carries a sign that says " hungry " .
a homeless person asking for help
A man in a black hoodie holding a small sign .
A man in a black hoodie is holding a paper sign .
A woman looks at a book in a bookstore while holding a baby .
A woman wearing a black shirt browses through a book at a store .
A woman with a baby browses in a bookstore .
A woman with a baby looks through a book display .
Woman holding a baby shopping for books
A group of friends are laughing and playing the wii on a red couch .
A group of laughing people on a red couch .
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
Four people laughing and sitting on a couch .
People sitting on a couch laugh .
A brown and white dog with a black collar and gold tag licking the snow from its nose .
A dog licking its lips while snow falls .
A shaggy dog dusted with snow licks its nose .
A white and brown dog licks his lips during winter .
The brown and white dog licks the snow off of his cold nose .
A person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it .
A woman in black is throwing a stick for a brown dog to run after .
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .
A woman playing with a shaggy dog
A woman plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .
a boy on skateboard is making a jump from a blue bench beside a white wall .
A boy skateboarding in an urban area
A skateboarder midair with his skateboard .
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
The boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence .
A man dives into a clear blue lake .
A man in black bathing trunks dives into water .
A man in black shorts is diving into a rocky pool .
A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
A person is diving into clear blue water .
A large white bird pulling a fish out of the water .
A seagull lands on the water .
A white bird has something in its beak at it lands on the water .
Two large seagulls are in the water .
Two seagulls on water , foreground bird has object held in beak .
a child in a blue shirt exits is being deposited from a slide onto a sand in front of palm trees .
A kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand .
A small child coming out of a covered slide .
A young blonde child shoots from a slide at high speed .
A young boy about to land in the sand from a trip down a beige slide .
A man and a woman in a apron stand near a fireplace and Christmas tree .
A man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree .
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought .
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree .
A young couple thinking about their Christmas decorations .
A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .
A boxer leaps in the snow .
A brown and white dog wearing a red collar is standing in the snow .
A dog above snow .
Large dog out in the snow .
A man and a girl walking on the beach , orange sunset behind .
A man and girl are walking barefoot on the beach at sunset .
A man and girl walk along the beach at sunset .
Man and woman walk on beach with a gorgeous sunset behind them .
There is a couple walking out the beach at dusk .
A brown dog barks surrounded by white snow .
a dog wearing a black collar is standing open mouthed in the snow .
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
dog barking
Dog standing in snow barking .
One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it .
Two birds are fighting each other in tall grass .
Two birds are standing in a wooded area .
Two birds interacting in the grass
Two colorful birds facing each other .
A dog jumps over twigs in the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field .
A white dog bounding through snow
a white dog with brown and black markings frolics in snow .
A bird splashing around in a stream .
A bird splashing in a puddle
A duck is splashing in a puddle of water .
Black and white bird with orange beak in water with rocks around .
The bird is bathing in the puddle that is surrounded by rocks .
Four children jumping on the shore .
Four girls are jumping next to each other on the sand shore of a large body of water .
Four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean .
Four girls jump in the sand at the beach .
Four girls jump up while holding hands at the beach .
A crowd gathers behind an older man .
A man is posing for the camera in front of a group of people .
An old man in a brown shirt stands while a crowd looks on .
Man in brown shirt and beard is being watched by a group of people on the street .
Man in brown shirt on sunny street , a crowd in background
One child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees .
Three children are shown in the snow .
Three children playing in snow .
Three kids are walking down a steep , snow-covered hill .
Three little boys play in a large snow covered field
A man holding up a sign , surrounded by a lot of people .
A man holding up a sign with a crowd in the background .
a man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally
A man in a crowd holds a sign that says " Those who blame Israel are hypocrites . "
A man with a black coat carrying a pro Israel protest sign .
A crowd at an outdoor event .
A crowd is gathering on a grassy plain .
A smaller art festival on the edge of a forest
children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival .
People mingling at colorful fair .
A man standing on a small metal structure on a snow-covered night .
A snowboarder performs a trick on a ledge , with pristine snowscapes surrounding him .
a young man jumping on a red railing
Snowboarder balances on low , wooden structure in snow .
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach .
A dog jumping over a puddle on the beach
A dog jumping over a stream of water .
A grey and white dog jumping over standing water in the sand .
A small dog leaps over a stream .
A group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned .
A group of guys who appear to be a band stand inside the dark graffiti-covered and rock-strewn building .
Five men are standing in a dark room , where there is debris and graffiti on the ground and walls .
Five men are standing in a dark room with graffiti on the walls .
Four young people are standing in a run down alleyway posing for a picture .
A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars .
A boy with a blue helmet plays on his bicycle .
A little boy with a blue helmet rides his bike with his feet on the handlebars .
Boy in blue helmet riding bike with feet on handlebars .
Boy with a helmet resting his feet on the handlebars of his bike .
A dog is jumping up at a man wearing a search and rescue jacket .
A large , black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man .
A man in a uniform playing with a black dog .
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting .
Man in blue padded suit training a black dog for search and rescue in a field .
A brown dog is about to catch a treat .
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
A dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth .
A dog opens its mouth to catch a treat
The dog is catching a treat .
A boy in a red shirt stands on a mountain .
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill .
A little boy in red stands on top of a rock with a smile and outstretched arms .
A little child is wearing a red shirt and a beanie and is standing on some jagged rocks .
Little boy standing on some rocks .
A cheerleader thrown into the air
A group of cheerleaders are lifting up two other cheerleaders above their heads .
Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid , girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer .
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads .
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain .
A blond boy wipes his nose on his light blue shirt .
a blond boy wiping his nose on his blue shirt
A little boy wipes his nose with his blue shirt .
Blond boy wiping his face with his blue shirt .
The small boy is using his blue shirt to wipe his face , exposing his belly .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs jump , run and play in the snowy landscape .
Three dogs racing down a snowy path together .
Three dogs running in the snow .
A black dog lies on the floor while a brown dog stands behind him .
A brown dog is jumping over a black dog that is laying down on a patio .
A tiger striped pitbull jumps over a black and brown dog .
one dog lying down while another jumps over him
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back .
A bunch of men playing rugby
A group of men running in a field .
A rugby player runs with the ball whilst being supported by a line of backs .
A soccer player advances with the ball on a sunny day .
Rugby players running with trees and spectators in the background .
A brown dog is flying through the air .
A brown dog is jumping in the air .
a brown dog jumping through the air in a grassy yard .
A large tan dog jumps in the air over the grass in a fenced yard .
A red dog , jumping in midair , on a grassy backyard , shot from behind .
The black dog on the right is dominant over the other two dogs .
Three dogs are running around in the snow .
Three dogs in the snow .
Three dogs playing in the deep snow outside .
Three large dogs run around in white snow .
a wrestler celebrating his victory
A wrestler crouches in pain while his opponent walks in the opposite direction .
A wrestler in purple curls up in a ball while one in blue celebrates .
A wrestling match just ended and the loser is upset .
One wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on .
A big dog carries a stick across a frozen pond .
A black and brown dog walks on the frozen surface of a pond , holding a stick .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond .
A brown dog walking on a frozen lake carrying a stick .
The big dog is carrying an object is its mouth .
A boy is jumping a rail on his bicycle .
A boy on a bike is jumping over a metal rail in a playground .
a cyclist is performing a jump over a white railing .
A man rides his bike over a stair handrail .
Young man on bike jumping over outdoor playground equipment .
Two girls are dressed up and sitting on a bed laughing .
Two girls dressed to party sit on a bed laughing .
Two woman in dresses smiling at the camera .
Two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses .
Two young women sit on the edge of the bed all dressed up .
A girl dumps a bucket of water on another girl .
A girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool .
In pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl .
One girl throws water on another in a pool .
The girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water .
A family of nine people , including four children , pose in front of a brick fireplace with a white mantle .
A family poses in front of the fireplace and Christmas tree .
A family posing by the mantle and christmas tree .
A happy family poses by the fireplace .
Two couples and four kids pose for a family picture .
A dog running through the snow with what appears to be a chunk of wood in its mouth .
A white dog carries something in its mouth through the snow .
A white dog in the snow running with an object in its mouth
A white dog runs over a snowy field or lawn , with a log in his jaws .
A white dog with a purple necklace on plays in the snow .
A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
A woman singing and playing the acoustic guitar onstage .
A woman sings into a microphone while playing guitar .
A young brown haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone .
A young woman plays guitar and sings on a stage .
The two dogs in striped sweaters are outside in the snow with a red toy in front of them .
Two dogs in striped sweaters fight in the snow .
Two dogs in striped sweaters play in the snow .
Two dogs in sweaters play in the snow .
Two dogs wearing striped sweaters wrestle on the snowy grass .
A couple in bathing suits walk on a beach .
A man and woman in black and white swimsuits and sunglasses are next to the ocean .
A man in a Speedo and a blond woman in a black and white bikini walk on a crowded beach .
A man in a Speedo and a woman in a bikini standing on the beach
A muscular man in a Speedo and a curvy blond in a bikini walk together at the beach .
A person holding a net is standing in the water .
A person is standing in shallow water with a fishing net as the sun goes down .
A person is walking in the water with a net .
Girl holding a net and walking in a lake at sunset
Person wading in the lake with a fishing net at sunset .
A child pushes its face up towards a window of a playground .
A girl cringes when drops of water come her way .
Girls squints , presses against oval hole in wet , colorful structure .
One boy who has a funny expression on his face has his hands up by his head and is looking through a hole .
Water is spraying on the child with its face through a cut out hole .
A girl in a purple shirt holds a pillow .
A girl in a purple shirt is has pulled someone else 's white shirt over their head .
a girl smiling and raising her left arm
A woman is tugging on a white sheet and laughing
Girl in pink shirt and blue flowered shorts swinging a pillow .
A man is using a chainsaw on a statue .
A man weilding a chainsaw carves a log into a Gnome .
A man with a chainsaw is carving wood into a statue of a man .
The fellow with the chainsaw and brown coveralls is carving a statue with a chainsaw .
The man is carving a Santa out of wood .
A man is on top of a ridge looking at a small stone tower .
A man looking at a rock formation .
A man puts his hand to his head on a rock wall .
A person screening their eyes standing beside a tower of flat stone .
A person stands next to a rock monument with his hand near his head .
A hiker is sitting on the ground looking towards the snow covered mountains .
A man is sitting on top of a mountain .
A person sits near a mountain .
one person wearing a backpack sitting on the side of a rocky mountain .
Someone is sitting on a hill overlooking a rocky mountain .
A person on a snowboard crosses a makeshift wooden bridge .
A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow .
A snowboarder is leaping of a wooden platform .
A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap .
The snowboarder does a board slide over a wooden obstacle .
A man in a blue jacket is changing the performance information board of a theater .
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign .
A man putting up letters on a sign with a long pole in front of a store .
A person in a blue sweatshirt replaces letters in a theater marquee using a long pole .
A theater worker changes the marquee outside a community theater .
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .
Two brown dogs stand in the surf and play with a small blue ball .
Two dogs are competing for an object in one 's mouth nearby a beach .
two dogs by water fighting over blue ball
Two tan dogs share a blue ball while standing on a beach .
A man and a woman sitting on camp chairs and laughing .
A man and a woman smile as they sit in yellow lawn chairs .
A man and a woman sit in lawn chairs and laugh .
A man with a beard and a woman in a red shirt sitting in lawn chairs in front of tents .
A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her .
A blonde woman and bald man sitting together .
A couple sitting in front of a computer screen .
A man and a woman wear dark colored shirts in a beige room with a moniter in the background .
A woman watches a man recieving a gift .
Woman looking curiously at a man .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift .
a snowboarder jumping in the air with a person riding a ski lift in the background
One person is on a ski lift while another snowboards .
People on a ski lift .
snowboarders sit on a chairlift .
A laughing woman in a scarf .
A woman in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .
A woman wearing a black scarf makes a face as a dog tries to lick her .
Woman in black scarf being licked by a black dog .
Woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog .
A mother is holding a child .
An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance .
A woman in a headdress is holding a little boy wearing blue .
A woman in a scarf looks sideways at the camera and holds a small child .
A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
A girl wearing white polka dots and black boots walks and a woman in a blue outfit hurridly walks behind her .
A hip young woman down the street with a woman in a kimono walks behind her .
A woman in boots with a big purse walks down the street followed by a woman in blue .
a woman walks with her big purse .
Women walk down the street .
a man with a damaged eye stands with a child and a woman .
A man , woman , and child .
A man , woman and little boy pose for a picture in front of an outside door .
Man with injured eye and woman holding child pose outside of building .
Two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling .
A bicyclist performing a trick in midair .
A biker is doing an aerial trick on his bike .
A guy does a trick in the air .
A man wearing a helmet is doing a stunt with his BMX bike .
The man wearing a red shirt is performing an aerial stunt on a bicycle .
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow .
a golden dog is running along a tire track that has been carved out in the snow .
A young dog walking through the snow in a tire track .
Golden retriever puppy walking through snow .
The dog is walking in the snow .
A man and a toddler look at advertisements .
A man and child in front of a billboard
A man in a black coat and hat and a child with a red snowsuit and Pooh backpacker read advertisements near a McDonalds .
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign .
There is a man with a young child in a red outfit looking at advertisements .
A close-up picture of a man and a woman .
A cute couple at a club
A guy with a toboggan and a girl pose for the camera .
A man and a woman stand close together .
A man and woman pose for a picture together .
A girl gets off her sled in the snow .
A lady sits down with her belongings in the snow .
A person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow .
A person sleds on the snow at night .
The girl in the pink hat is dragging a sled through the snow .
A bearded man with glasses does a toe-touch .
A man jumping into the air
A man jumps into the air .
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side .
A man wearing suspenders performs a split in midair .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
Two brown dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow .
A masked man helps burn a flag .
I man with a covered face burning an israei flag in front of a crowd .
Men burn an Israeli flag .
Some middle eastern people have set an Israeli flag on fire .
The man is wearing a red shirt and red flannel handkerchief while watching a flag burn .
A group of people are lounging at a beach .
A group of sunbathers gather near some kayaks at the beach .
People sun on the beach next to boats .
Several beachgoers are reclining near upside-down boats .
Several people play and relax on the beach .
a dirt biker performs a trick in midair ,
A driver gets high in the air with his motorbike .
A motocross racer does a trick in midair .
Man performing stunts with his motorcycle .
The man is hanging off the back of the motocross bike as it is jumping through the air .
A black dog and small white and black dog look up at a kitchen countertop .
A large dog and a small dog stand next to the kitchen counter to investigate .
a small black and white dog standing next to a large black dog both looking up onto a counter .
Dogs ignore plate of food on floor , look up at kitchen counter .
The dogs are begging at the kitchen counter .
A few sledders are chased by a dog .
A group of people go sledding on a snowy hill and a dog chases one as he slides .
Children sled and a dog plays on a snowy hill .
Four people and a dog play in the snow .
Four people in various stage of sledding on a snowy hill , while a dog playfully chases one of them .
a bride being escorted under an umbrella to a large black car
a bride takes cover under an umbrella .
A newly wed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor .
An older newly wed couple stand under an umbrella in the rain .
Newlyweds stand outside in the train .
A man surfs on a huge green wave .
A surfer dressed in black catches a huge wave and starts riding on the descent .
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
A surfer is riding a wave that is beginning to tube .
Surfer riding down a curling wave .
A lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow .
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .
A woman attending the boots of another in the snow .
A woman fixes someone 's shoes .
Skier on a snowy hill has his boots check by a red-vested man
Two men are wrestling in a competition .
Two men are wrestling while other people are watching
Two men wrestle on the floor in front of an group of young men .
Two men wrestling at a match .
Two young men competing in a wrestling tournament .
A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing .
A man in a red hat and blue jacket in a protest is holding up a tablet that talks about God and judgement .
A man with a blue coat and a red hat is holding up a sign .
Man in a blue coat holding a sign .
Men standing with signs on the sidewalk .
A brown dog laying on a green cushion .
A brown dog rests on a green cushion .
A brown dog sleeps on a green pillow .
A dog laying down on a green cushion .
A large brown dog is lying in the sun on a big , green dog bed .
A girl sits on an ad and checks her phone ; another girl waits .
A girl with ice skate sits on a fence checking her cellphone while her friend looks on .
Two girls are ice skating and one is checking her cellphone .
Two girls talk at an ice skating rink .
Two girls stand outdoors and talk to one another .
A group of people gather with only their legs showing and one of them is holding a cigarette .
a man holds a cigarette .
Hands and feet of several people holding cigarettes .
No faces are shown in this picutre of jeans and sweatshirts .
The legs and lower bodies of people sitting and smoking .
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
A dog is walking along a snowy surface .
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow .
The dog walking through the snow is licking his nose .
A boatful of rafters get wet .
A group of men in a blue raft doing whitewater rafting .
A group of people are in a large raft on choppy water .
A group of people go down the rapids in a blue and yellow raft .
Rafters in a blue raft battle the river-rapids
A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter .
A crowd of people ice skating outside in winter .
A large crowd of people ice skating .
A large crowd of people ice skating outdoors .
A lot of people iceskate on a cold day .
An Asian girl performs a routine with two red flags in a square .
a person waving long red flags
A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square .
Lady waving two long red streamers around
Two people work with long ribbons in a Chinese courtyard .
A dog is running across a desert with bushes around him .
A dog running across the sand
A dog running up a sandy hill
A little brown dog is running fast on a sand dune during the day .
Small , hairy dog running in the sand .
A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow .
A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow .
A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs .
A man rides a sled pulled by a team of dogs .
four husky dogs are pulling a sled in a race through the snow guided by a man wearing number eleven .
A black dog bites a tan dog while standing near the patio door .
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
Black Labrador biting a brown dogs neck .
The black dog is biting the ear of the yellow dog .
The black dog playfully bites the yellow dog near the furniture .
A man power washes some steps beside a swimming pool .
A man power washes steps by a large swimming pool .
A person cleaning some steps by a pool .
A person powerwashing stairs leading down to a pool .
Man holding equipment near steps poolside with a white building in background .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water .
A child with water splashing on him .
A little boy being splashed by water on his head
little kid in red pooh shirt getting wet
The little boy in red is getting drenched with water .
A person jogging on a sidewalk .
A person jogs down a paved surface in a rural setting .
A person running down the road
A person wearing jeans and a coat jogs on a sidewalk .
A woman in a long sweater and jeans , is running away , down a path .
A group of musicians with instruments .
A group of young people busk on a street corner .
Four musicians performing on the street .
Musicians perform outdoors .
Musicians play near a concrete wall .
men in suits and ties walking downsteps
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Five men in suits .
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
An asian woman holding an asian baby that is reaching toward the camera .
An oriental girl is holding a baby in her arms .
A smiling Asian woman holding her baby
A smiling woman dressed in white holding a baby who is reaching his hand out .
The woman is holding a child and posing for a picture .
A bride , a groom , 3 guys , and 3 women .
A bride and groom are the center of this picture , with three bridesmaids in red dresses to the left and groomsmen to the right .
A couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party .
A formal wedding party poses smiling for a wedding photo in a church .
The wedding party is posing for a picture in front of the church alter .
A guy skateboarding .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
A skateboarder performs a stunt .
A young man is jumping in the air with his skateboard .
Skateboard rider jumping high in the air on skateboard .
A main in a black and white shirt is skiing with red flags to the right .
A skier is in the snow next to a red flag .
A skier slaloms by a red flag .
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag .
Person skiing on white snow near a red flag .
A man in a blue jacket with a helmet on skiing .
A person skiing down a hill .
A skier is coming down a hill .
A skier wearing a blue jacket and helmet is skiing down a hill .
A skier going goes down the mountain .
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends .
Two men carry long objects on the sand .
Two people are twirling fire sticks whilst standing on the sand .
Two people juggle fire sticks in the mud .
Two people stand out on the beach and hold long sticks that have flames on each end .
A man draws characters with his feel on the street .
a man paints chinese characters .
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet .
A person paints Asian characters on a banner .
A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner .
A child playing in snow .
A little girl sitting in the snow
A small girl sits in the snow with a pink nose .
A toddler in heavy clothing sitting in the snow .
A young girl is sitting in the snow with a pink fur hood on her head .
A group of young people smile for the camera .
Several people are hugging each other inside a bar .
some people at a part gather to take a picture
Two guys pose with two women , everyone is wearing black and white .
Two women of African descent , a dark skinned man and western man in a white shirt posing for a photograph .
A crane lifts into the air above the water .
A long necked white bird is floating above the water .
A white bird is flying over the surface of the water .
A white crane landing in the water .
White , long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water .
A boy and girl are jumping rope together while another girl is holding the rope and turning .
Three children playing jump rope in the grass among the trees .
Three people playing jump rope in a field .
Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope
Two people are jumping rope outside .
people stand side by side shooting off Roman Candles
People in a line holding lit roman candles .
People play with pyrotechnics .
Several men holding flares .
Some young men and women shoot fireworks out of their hands .
a brown and white dog standing on the street wearing a hat , shirt and jeans .
A dog is dressed in a shirt and pants on the side of the road .
A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background .
A dog wearing jeans and a shirt stands on the sidewalk .
a dog wears jeans .
A boy jumps in a gymnastic competition .
A male gymnast upside down in midair .
A track athlete does a pole vault .
A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam .
The gymnast does a flip over the bar .
A bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red .
Bride wearing her wedding dress receives help by her bridesmaids wearing red dresses .
Family preparing for the wedding .
The woman getting married has a beautiful gown on while her bride 's maids are wearing red dresses .
Three bridesmaids in red and an older woman in beige are adjusting the bride 's white dress .
A man in a yellow shirt surfing .
A surfer in a yellow shirt is riding a wave that is reflecting sunlight .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
Surfer surfs ahead of a crashing wave
The man is riding a large wave on a surfboard .
A bridal party surrounding a bride sitting on a couch .
A bride is sitting on a tan couch .
A bride seated on a sofa , with her bridal party and family surrounding her .
old picture of wedding .
The brides side of a wedding party .
A man and a woman on a ski lift .
Two people are riding on a ski lift
Two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift .
two skiers look down from the ski lift .
Two skiers , one in pink and one in black , ride on a ski lift .
A man stands atop a mountain with arms extended .
A person on top of a mountain with arms over head .
A person stands at the top of a mountain and raises his arms .
Man on top of a mountain with his arms in the air .
The man is standing on the rocks above the river with his arms in the air .
A man is surfing a big wave on a white surfboard .
A man surfing a crashing wave .
A man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean .
An african american man is jumping off a surfboard in a crashing wave in the ocean .
A surfer is falling of his surfboard in the middle of a crashing wave .
A brown horse with a rider on its back jumps a barrier .
A horse jumps a fence in a show jumping competeition .
A horse leaps a hurdle with a rider on its back .
An equestrian on a horse makes a jump .
Horse and rider leap over a barrier
A bride is being helped to put on her shoes
A bridesmaid wearing a red dress is putting the bride 's shoe on her foot .
A lady holds a bride 's shoe in her hand .
A Woman is about to put a shoe on the bride .
Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe .
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole .
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice .
A person stands in a vast field of melting snow .
A person stands on the peaks of snow and ice .
The person is standing on white ice .
A brown dog jumps over the dead plants in a snowy field .
A brown dog leaps through the snow in a field .
A dog is jumping through the snow over some weeds .
A dog running through the snow .
A German shepherd is running through the snow .
A man jumps high on his yellow skateboard over the concrete tile .
A skateboarder gets airtime .
A skateboarder jumping with his skateboard
Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard .
Skateboarder in black with yellow skateboard in midair .
A man affectionately kissing a woman along a path
A man and woman kiss as they stand along a gravel path .
A man dramatically kissing a woman on a path .
A man romantically kissing a woman on a park path .
The couple have a romantic moment on their walk .
A girl smokes a cigarette outside in the city .
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside .
A woman in a dark blue coat , cigarette in hand .
A woman smoking a cigarette outside in the snow .
The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette .
A crowd shouting outside a building waving American flags .
A group of ladies in the cold cheer with American flags .
People are gathered outside a building and yelling
People standing outside a building yell .
People with american flags gathered on the street .
A girl in a red jacket , surrounded by people .
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink .
A woman in a red coat is smiling , while people in the background are walking around in winter clothing .
A woman wearing a red coat smiles down at the camera .
The woman in a red jacket is smiling at the camera .
A group of men , women and children .
A group of people pose for a picture .
A group of people pose for the camera in front of some laundry and greenery .
Several people lean together for a photograph .
There is a family sitting outside in the shade .
a man in a wetsuit is surfing
A man surfing in a wave
a surfer is riding a wave through green colored ocean water .
A surfer rides a big wave across dark green water .
The surfer is coming in from riding a big wave .
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
A man in black is taking a jump on a snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard jumps high over the snowy hill .
A person with a yellow and black striped snowboard jumps on the snowy hill .
a snowboarder jumps off the snow jump .
A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
A man in a blue jacket lifts a child dressed in red out boat crowded with people
A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
One man passes a child to another man from the boat to shore .
The men are passing a child to each other over the side of the boat .
A small dog leaps across a brown pillow .
a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch .
A small white dog with brown on his face and back is jumping over a cushion .
A white dog with black spots jumps in midair .
White dog high jumping over some pillows .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog jumps to catch a Frisbee in the snow .
Black dog in snow leaps for red object at upper edge of frame .
One black dog is jumping off the snow filled ground .
The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object .
A man boating along a river near the shore .
A man paddling a kayak along the shore of a river .
A person is riding in a canoe on a lake next to green trees .
A person is wading through a river near an eroded embankment .
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
A dark street scene shows a neon lights and a group of people dining while another group walks .
People inside a shop at night while other people walk around outside .
People sit in a lit alcove off a dark street .
Some people in building as seen from the street at night .
There are some people in a restaurant and two men walking by them
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
Looking along a railroad track at people in the distance .
People are walking away from the camera , along railroad tracks .
People near railroad tracks in the woods .
People in a car showroom floor .
Some teenagers watch a screen near some Mini Coopers .
The people are standing around at the auto show .
Two boys looking at display .
Two people watch TV from over a white ledge .
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right .
A guy grinds a windowsill near an old windmill
A guy is grinding on a window ledge in a city .
A person in black is coming out of a window of a tan and red building .
A person skateboarding near a windmill .
A bicyclist becomes airborne among dirt hills at night .
A man jumps his dirt bike at night .
A motocross rider at night high in the air above the dirt .
Someone is performing an aerial skateboard trick at night .
The rider is jumping his BMX bike .
A boy inside a shopping cart .
A boy sits inside a shopping cart .
A child plays inside a shopping cart that has been stacked with others to create a cage .
a young boy tapped in a shopping cart .
A young boy trapped in a shopping cart .
A group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops .
A group of hikers looks at the tops of mountains .
a group of people standing on a hill with the sun in the distance .
Eight people are standing on a hill above the clouds .
Several people are standing on a ledge overlooking snowy mountains .
A crowd of people in front of a memorial in Washington DC .
A crowd of people views newspaper covers in Washington D.C.
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
Large group of people standing outside of a building .
Lots of people gathering in a line .
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
A dog wearing a green sweater and backpack running in the snow
A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field .
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
A small dog wearing a sweater walking in the snow .
A crowd holds American flags .
A large crowd is standing with many American flags .
lots of people hold american flags .
People waving American flags while in winter clothes .
The bundled-up crowd is waving many American flags .
a boy in a field
A boy in brown is running on a dirt road .
A child walking down a gravel path .
a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass .
A toddler walks along a dirt road .
A huge wave crashes over a man on a surfboard .
A person crouched in the middle of a large wave in the ocean .
A person surfs on a wave as water towers above him .
A surfer catching a wave .
Surfer is in the middle of a huge wave .
A child in a red hat and scarf walking down a snow covered street .
A child in winter clothes is walking along the street .
A child running on a street in snow .
A little kid plays in the snow in a brown jacket and red beanie .
a young child wearing a red hat and scarf playing in the street in a little snow .
A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy .
A dog carrying something blue and running .
A dog running with a blue toy in its mouth .
A dog runs towards the camera with a blue ball in his mouth .
A young German Shepherd runs with a toy in his mouth .
A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches .
Four kids turn around to be photographed .
Little girls ignoring the current adult procession going on
Some children turned backwards while in the audience .
Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater , surrounded by adults watching a conference .
A group of dogs racing .
A number eight racing dog is beating a number four racing dog slightly in a race .
Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track .
There are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race .
Three race dogs run to finish a race .
A group of people ride down the road in a large tractor .
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
A tractor pulling a wagon with a giant pumpkin covered in cloth and two wicker baskers on it drives down a road with people nearby .
Several people ride in a very odd looking truck .
Three men are driving a tractor that is carrying a huge brown object .
Children play with large hoops .
Little kids playing with sparklers at night .
Two small children are twirling sparkling rope .
Two young boys playing with sparklers .
Two young children and an older man play with sparklers .
two african-Americans stand in front of the building .
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on .
Two men are posing for a picture .
Two men are standing together in front of a white brick building .
Two men with glasses stand outside a stone building in the cold .
A basketball player in a red uniform is holding the ball while a player in a white uniform is trying to block him .
A basketball player with a ball and defenders .
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
The rival teams are playing basketball .
two basketball teams playing a game on the court .
a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of Japanese temple .
A man and woman relaxing in a beautiful , scenic country .
A woman and man are posing on a beach in front of a landmark .
A young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate .
Two people are standing on a beach with an oriental statue behind them in the water .
An older dark-skinned woman holding a lighter-skinned baby .
An older woman is holding a large baby with mittens to protect her from scratching herself .
A woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture .
A woman in leopard print holds up a baby in white clothing .
a woman is sitting by a fence holding a baby in her arms .
A teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
A woman helps boys on a computer .
Children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them .
Kids work at computers with a teacher 's help .
Two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher .
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on .
A basketball player in a whit outfit is dribbling the ball around a player in a red outfit as the referee looks on .
A Miami basketball player dribbles by an Arizona State player .
A referee watches two basketball players playing basketball .
The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game .
A basketball player in white leaps up at the net .
A basketball player is jumping and holding a basketball over the net .
A basketball player slam dunks the ball .
A man jumps with a basketball to make a hoop .
The basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net .
A man in a green shirt is jumping a ramp on his skateboard .
A man is skating on a vert ramp
A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his skateboard on a red ramp while people stand around looking .
A skateboarder is riding on a red ramp by the ocean .
A child performs skateboard tricks on a wooden platform .
A man in a darkened room performing skateboard tricks .
A skateboarder is balancing on a wooden box in a dark room .
The skateboarder is wearing a helmet .
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick .
A boy and a person off-camera playing a card game .
A small boy holding a hand of cards with Uno cards in the foreground .
Boy sitting on the couch playing a game of Uno .
The boy is playing UNO .
Three UNO cards in reds and yellows in the foreground , with a young boy holding additional cards in the background .
A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface .
a tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air
A yellow Labrador running with its ears flopping .
The brown dog is running .
This dog is running along the path .
A bike rider in the air above a ramp .
a bmx rider jumps off a ramp .
A cyclist is jumping off a wooden ramp beside an arched window .
A man in black rides a bike on a wooden ramp .
A young man in black takes a jump off a wooden bike ramp .
a woman holding a baby hanging from a branch and a small child hanging on that same branch .
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch .
Two children and an adult standing next to a tree limb .
Two children hang from a low tree branch
Two children hanging on a large branch .
Three people stand by a doorway posing for a photograph .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and a woman smile at the camera .
Two men and a woman standing near a doorway .
Two men and a woman with their arms around each other .
One very fat sumo wrestler wrestles with a thinner wrestler while an umpire dressed in green watches .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in front of a referee and two spectators .
two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match
Two sumo wrestlers fight in the ring as people watch .
Two sumo wrestlers competing in a match .
A sumo wrestler in black begins to push another in blue out of the ring .
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring .
two sumo wrestlers fight .
Two sumo wrestlers in the ring .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling in a sand ring .
A blond haired child in a black outfit and red belt doing karate .
A child with a red sash practices martial arts .
A girl in a black outfit with a red sash and a black headband has one hand on her waist and one extended straight out .
A young boy wearing a black uniform with a red sash taking part in a martial arts exposition .
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration .
A black woman with a colourful bandanna on her head carrying a sleeping boy in a backpack .
A boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back .
A lady with her son attached to her back
A smiling woman carrying her baby in a sling .
A woman carries a sleeping baby on her back .
A city street is busy with people as one person walks across the crosswalk .
A man crosses the street next to a light rail station .
A man crossing an intersection and others are walking
A woman in a blue hat and coat is crossing the road on a pedestrian crossing .
Man walking in the street under green lights
A group of people are watching fireworks outside .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
A small crowd in winter jackets stand in a snow field , looking at fireworks .
A small crowd stands watching a fireworks display .
People watch as something lights up the sky .
A girl in a red polka dot bikini is jumping off a sand dune .
A girl with a bikini plays in the dunes .
A little girl in a pink bathing suit jumps up on a sand dune at the beach .
A young girl in a bikini jumping on the beach .
A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean , as two other children play in the sand .
A man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp .
A skateboarder becomes airborne at the top of a black and yellow ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp .
Skateboarder flying over ramp outside .
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors .
A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .
The players manuever for the soccer ball .
Two men kick at a soccer ball .
Two men wearing different colored uniforms playing soccer .
A beautiful horse is running in a fenced in area .
A black horse with a white nose is running in some sand with a fence around it .
A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose , running .
A horse is in midair in a corral .
A horse running through a dirt pen .
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
A man in a blue suit reads the paper while smoking next to a marble building .
A man is standing up , reading a newspaper , and smoking a cigar .
A man smoking a cigar reading a paper in a city
A man standing by a building corner and reading a newspaper .
A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
At a women 's basketball game , a white skinned woman dribbles against the Chicago defense .
Basketball players in action .
The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
Woman in white dribbling basketball .
A boy in red shorts takes a dive while playing ball with another boy on the beach .
A man about to kick a ball over his head .
A man goes sideways in the air to hit a beach volleyball .
The volleyball game is headed into the water .
Young men are playing soccer on a beach .
A blonde girl is laughing at a guy in front of her .
A lady laughs at a man 's gestures .
A pretty blonde haired woman is talking to a professionally dressed man on the sidewalk .
A woman with a newspaper is looking at a man with a side pack on a street sidewalk .
The blonde woman holding a newspaper is smiling at the man in the white shirt .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
The three people are wearing black blindfolds .
Three blindfolded people are in front of a white ' Salvar o Planeta ' wall .
Three people in blindfolds stand under a sign written in Spanish .
Three people wearing black blindfolds near a " Salvar O Planeta " sign .
Three people wearing blindfolds with a Greenpeace sign hanging in the background .
A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand .
A dalmation is running along the beach .
A Dalmation runs along a beach .
a dalmation runs along the beach .
Dalmation running along the beach .
A boy in a blue sweatshirt playing Frisbee with two black dogs .
A man stands in the snow and holds a toy up while a black dog jumps for it .
a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs .
The man is playing with two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs play with a human and a disc in the snow .
A furry dog running on an open field of grass .
A gray fuzzy dog running through snow .
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
A grey shaggy dog running
Fluffy grey dog running in a field
An individual in a red suit doing a ski jump .
A person on ski 's in the air at a ski slope .
A skier catches air .
A skier in red is high in the air .
A ski jumper is in the air .
A skateboarder does a trick off a brown ramp while three other people watch .
A skateboarder in the air at the top of ramp .
a skateboarder in the air getting ready to land
A skateboarder is doing a stunt .
The skateboarder is in the air while holding his board .
A brown dog runs in the grass with one ear up .
A fluffy dog runs in grass .
A shaggy dog is running through a grassy area .
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
A small dog runs through the grass .
A man with an Afro propels his skateboard into the air .
A skateboarder does a trick in the air , another watches and so does a crowd .
A skateboarder is watching another skateboarder perform a jumping stunt .
Boy does skateboard trick .
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches .
A big brown dog running .
A brindle do runs through a grassy yard
A brown dog runs outdoors .
A grayhound dog is sprinting .
Dog running in yard .
A big brown dog chases a smaller white dog around in the grass .
A terrier dog and a mixed breed dog playing .
A white dog and brown dog fighting .
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass .
Two dogs paying attention to each other .
A male fire-dancer performs .
A man dances with a fire baton at night .
A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark .
A man twirling a flaming baton .
an african man is performing a trick with a stick that is burning with fire at both ends .
A dog playing with a blue ball in a small pool of water .
A dog playing with his ball in the wading pool .
A dog with a blue ball .
Brown and white dog plays with blue ball in blue water-filled shell .
Brown and white dog splashing in a pool .
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street .
A man and a woman are riding their bikes in an intersection .
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city .
A man and woman ride their bikes across a city street .
A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street .
A man holds a microphone in front of another man who is wearing a blue hat .
A man speaks into a microphone being held by another man .
A old man talking into a mike held by another old man .
Eldery man being interviewed after a race .
One older man interviews another in a racing suit .
A crowd of people in knit hats standing near a van .
A group of people are gathered together .
A group of people gather around a truck .
A large group of people are gathered .
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign .
A bicyclist holds their bike over their head by a group of people .
A cold cycler celebrates .
A man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd .
A man in orange lifts a bicycle over his head in front of a crowd .
A man lifts his bike over his head and walks through a tight crowd .
a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field .
A little black dog chasing a little brown one .
A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area .
One brown and one black dog in grass .
Two dogs running , one brown and one grey
Two people in an orange race car .
Two people in helmets sitting in an orange car .
Two people ride in a orange race car .
Two people wearing helmets are sitting in a race car .
Two racers driving an orange car
A boat containing people is suspended by a cable .
A boat suspended by a cable over the water .
A raft hanging from a rope over the ocean .
A small group of people are in a small red boat and it is in the air over the ocean .
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable .
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background .
A boy plays in the surf at sunset .
A child is standing on a beach waiting for a wave to come in .
A child stands in front of an incoming wave as the sun sets .
Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon .
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red .
A man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man .
A man in red winter clothes talks to another man in red .
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man .
Two men talk outdoors .
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A man with red pants is skiing downhill .
A person in red pants skis down a mountain .
A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope .
This person is skiing .
A dog in a snowy area .
A spotted dog catching a ball on a snowy field .
A white and brown spotted dog runs along the snow to catch a ball .
A white dog is running fast on a trail covered by snow .
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
Two men in magenta costumes performing .
two men in red fight .
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
Two people dressed in pink .
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
A small child practices golf .
A small child with a toy golf club
a young child wearing a white coat playing a children 's gold game .
A young girl wearing a pink coat plays with a yellow toy golf club .
The bundled up child is playing with toys outdoors .
Three men standing on a cliff .
Three people are posing in front of a large rock mountain .
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .
Three people in jackets standing at the bottom of a large rock formation .
Three people standing on a mountain about halfway to the top .
A man and are playing cards but the man has thrown some cards in the air
A man throws cards as he and the woman are sitting and playing cards .
A woman screams as a man throws a deck of cards .
A young man and woman sit at a small table amidst flying playing cards .
Man and woman at glass table , man flinging playing cards as woman reacts .
A bird flies above the water .
A heron is flying through the air near foliage .
A large white bird flying over water .
A large white bird swoops over water .
A white bird with yellow feet is flying over water .
A bicyclist is making a high jump over a constructed stunt piece .
A boy on a bicycle does a jump trick on his bike
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp .
A man in a red shirt is jumping his bike over a sign for Rockstar Energy Drink .
A person is on a bicycle making a jump high in the air .
A bride and groom stand in front of a church display while looking at one another .
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married .
Bride and groom standing in a church surrounded by flowers .
Newlyweds smile and pose for a picture after their ceremony .
Two people are getting married in a church .
Two blonde ladies wearing sunglasses lounge on the grass with a dacshund .
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog .
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog .
Two women laying on grass with a dog .
Two women on a grassy hill lit by the sun ; one looks at a dachshund , the other looks to the side .
A brown dog runs happily with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A Dachshund runs through the grass , carrying a ball .
A dog runs with a multicolored ball .
A small brown dog running with a multicolored ball in his mouth .
The small dog , wearing a harness , is running with a ball in its mouth .
a brown puppy is gnawing in a metallic post that is stuck into the ground .
A dog is chewing on a metal pole .
A puppy mouthing a pole on the ground .
Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
Brown puppy biting pole
a boy in green jacket is riding a small motocross bike through the mud .
A dirt biker in the mud .
A young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud .
A young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path .
A young child rides a motorbike through the mud .
A brown dog digs in the sand happily .
A dog digs in the dirt .
A large brown dog is digging in the sand .
Dog digs in sand
The brown dog is digging in the dirt .
Children walking on a sidewalk with yellow backpacks .
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks .
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks .
Two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks .
two young children with yellow backpacks walking down a sidewalk
A girl running toward a man on the beach
A girl runs down a beach .
A little girl runs along the beach toward a man who admires the sky .
Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together .
Man and child playing on the beach .
A bird flying over some sand .
A large bird swooping down towards the ground .
A large brown and white bird flying over land .
An eagle is coming in for a landing on the beach .
A white and beige colored bird is flying over a sandy beach .
a group of people get into special order .
Eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion .
Eight people are standing behind each other with arms stretched out to look like a tree .
Eight people pose in a line .
This group of people are posed , progressively higher , one behind the other .
Boy skating across a metal rail .
One boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching .
Teenager grinding skateboard down a railing while other teenagers watch .
The skateboarder is riding the silver rail while three other young men look on .
Young man grinding , three other boys observing
A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down .
A group of people are standing on a ledge overlooking low clouds .
A group of photographers stands on a hillside in the snow with the sun just below the horizon .
A line of people are seen in silhouette on a snowy ridge when the sun is low in the sky .
A line of people are standing on the edge of a snow covered path overlooking the clouds in the mountains .
A cat standing on carpet is interested in a piece of string in the air nearby wood flooring .
A white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him
Cat playing with a dangling string .
Cat standing to play with string .
The white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric .
A little boy streches his body out with his stomach on the grass .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt lies on the grass .
Boy lies on stomach in grass .
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
The young boy is laying on his belly in the grass .
A hockey goalie in a red uniform takes a drink from a water bottle .
A hockey goalie taking a drink of Gatorade .
A hockey player in a red jersey taking a drink out of a sports bottle
An ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle .
Hockey player in red uniform drinking from a green water bottle .
A man is a black ninja suit with a mask is playing a guitar .
A man wearing a black ski mask is playing a guitar .
A man wearing a ninja suit plays the guitar
A man with a ski mask , dressed all in black , plays guitar .
A person in a black ninja costume playing a guitar .
A competitive jumper is caught by the camera in midair .
A cricket bowler in action .
A man contorts his body as he plays baseball .
Ballplayer in blue uniform midair with legs stretched out .
Man running and almost falling .
A kid cross-country skis wearing the number " 93 " .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
The skier is on the snow .
a bearded man takes a nap .
A man has fallen asleep with his mouth open .
a man snoring
A man with a beard sits among orange chairs .
A man with a beard sleeps in a chair , computer banks behind him .
A goalie is crouching in a defensive position in front of the goal .
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal .
An ice hockey goalkeeper in a red and blue strip is on his knees in front of the goal .
An ice hockey player is bending down on the ice .
The hockey player knelt on the ice .
The boy and girl pose for a picture with a large red flower above their heads .
The teenage boy and girl are smiling under a red flower .
Two kids smiling underneath a red flower .
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
Two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead
A woman is walking in front of a fast-food restaurant .
A woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement .
A woman walking near a fast food restaurant .
a woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers .
A woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers .
A man with four running dogs in nature .
A smiling woman watches as four dogs run on a hill .
A woman is standing on the grass with four dogs .
Person encouraging four dogs to run .
The man is in the field with four dogs who are running .
A ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match .
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
A soccer team scores a goal .
Goal attempt during a soccer game being played on green grass .
A female hockey player in blue is challenging the player in white for the ball .
Two girls are fighting for the ball in indoor field hockey .
Two women with blue and white uniforms playing floor hockey
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
Women playing a game similar to hockey , but with no ice .
A man snowboards over wooden snow fences .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
A snowboarder jumps over a wooden structure
Person in yellow jacket snowboarding .
Snowboarder going over a fence in snow .
Two bicycle riders in twilight on the shore .
Two children on bikes riding on a desolate street near water and a streetlamp .
Two kids ride their bikes by the ocean , in the evening .
Two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
A dark haired bearded man in a white dress shirt and black sweater and a woman in a black and white dress in a small space .
A man and women , both in black and white , are in an elevator .
A man with a large beard and a woman wearing a white necklace smile .
A nicely dressed woman and bearded man in a small room .
A smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left .
A man is in midair at a skate park .
A man is pulling tricks on his rollerblades in a indoor skate park .
A man rollerblading at a skate park .
A rollerblader does a trick at a skate park
Inline skater taking a jump .
A person in a dark wetsuit is surfing .
A person is surfing on a large wave .
A surfer goes up a wave of water .
The surfer is surfing the wave .
The surfer wearing the blue suit on the colorful surfboard is catching a wave .
A man in a prison suit is snowboarding .
A man in a zippered jacket snowboarding .
A snowboarder in stripes .
A snowboarder poses for the camera while doing a trick .
A snowboarder wearing a black and white striped jacket is kicking up some snow .
A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background .
A brown dog is running on sand next to the ocean .
A dog is galloping on the beach .
A dog is running along a beach in front of the ocean .
A dog leaps by the ocean .
A baby in swim trunks shows off his balancing ability with the help of his father .
A father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool .
A man holding a baby over a swimming pool .
a man holds a toddler on a board over a pool .
A man holds up a baby in a swimming pool .
A black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass .
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick .
a dog carries a large stick through the field .
A dog with a large stick runs across the grass .
There is a black and white dog with a large branch running in the field .
A brown and black dog jumps high in the air after a purple Frisbee .
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps in the air for a Frisbee disk as the owner watches
A dog jumps of a Frisbee with a woman looking on .
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee .
A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow .
A skier
A skier is in the air .
A skier takes to great heights on a snow-covered mountain slope .
The man is skiing down a snowy hill .
A person is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow .
A snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder jumping off a mountain cliff .
A snowboarder jumps high over snow in mountain area .
Snowboarder in midair performing a stunt on mountaintop .
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
A man wearing flowered swimming trunks is standing near large mossy rocks .
A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water .
Man in red shoes and red and white print shorts posing in front of rocks by water .
Man posing by a natural pool .
A boy riding a sled off of a snow ramp .
A boy riding a tobaggan down a snowy hill
A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him .
A group of people are sledding down a snow covered hill .
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard .
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth .
A dog is running towards the photographer .
A playful dog running across the snowy field with a stick in its mouth .
Black and white dog with a stick running in the snow .
A person is in a tree at night .
A skier flies past bare trees after taking a night jump .
A snowboarder getting air at night .
I have no idea !
Someone sitting in the tree in the dark .
A cop sitting on his police bike .
A motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city .
A policeman sits on a motorcycle .
A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets .
A policeperson is near a police motorcycle .
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs .
Two people on cots watching the water at twilight .
Two people relax by the water .
Two people sit in the dark , on the shore , looking at the city lights .
Two people sitting in the shadows near the water .
A person in a red shirt on a skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard .
A teenage male grinds on his skateboard .
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
While doing tricks , the skateboarder is at the top of the half pipe .
A group of asian women standing together for photo .
Four Asian women pose for a picture .
Four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background .
Four women , two with id badges .
Four young Asian women are posing in front of a window
A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole .
A motor biker gets massive air off a dirt jump
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp .
Brown ramp structure with a person on ski 's in midair .
The cyclist is airborne on his bike as it makes a jump between two mounds of earth .
A group of people waiting to ride boats .
Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor 's center with passengers waiting to board .
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony .
People congregate on a platform in a river among decorated boats .
People wait to board boats .
Two labs running around near a wooded area
Two light tan dogs of the same breed but different size are running in the woods .
two white dogs are running through some woodland .
Two white dogs playing in a forest .
Two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves .
A man smoking a cigarette talking to a lady who is sitting on steps .
Lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps .
The person in black smoked while the woman in brown sat on the steps .
The woman in the black coat is smoking and the woman in the gray coat sits on stone steps .
Two women smoking on the steps of a white building .
A female lionist jumping in a green field with a green mountain in the background .
A lion jumping through tall grass .
A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock .
a tiger jumps off a rock .
Cougar pouncing off rock .
A parachute caught on a tree with some people on the ground shining a light at it .
A person jumps up over the snow as their skis cross .
A skier in midair
A skier is doing a trick in the air at night .
A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed .
Two Asian girls are standing outside a red brick building
Two asian ladies posing for a picture .
Two women standing in front of a large brick building .
Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory .
Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
An older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both .
A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
two men sit on a bench .
Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
A bald eagle near a pond of water .
A bald eagle sits on the bank of a creek .
A bald eagle stands in shallow water .
An eagle standing in water .
The bird walks in the water near rocks .
A man on rollerblades is doing a trick .
A man riding a skateboard on a half pipe in the dark .
A rollerskater does tricks on a half pipe .
A skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp .
There is a guy wearing a grey and white striped shirt and black pants skateboarding on the black surface .
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .
A brown dog is catching a ball in its mouth whilst playing in a snow covered field .
A dog catching an orange ball , in the snow .
A golden retriever catches a tennis ball in the snow .
A tan dog catches an orange ball in the snowy yard .
A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture .
A group of children stand against a building and smile .
A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall .
a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall .
The six children are laughing .
A bike rider in red rides through the trees down a snowy hill .
A person is riding a bike in a wooded area at night .
Bike rider riding downhill in forest .
Cyclist in snowy forest at night
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket .
A dog is running through the snow .
a thin white dog is running through snow .
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow .
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow .
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A boy is wielding a long white stick whilst some people are watching him from behind .
A child swings a big white stick while others look on .
a young boy swinging a stick about o hit something .
A young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches .
The little boy swings a large white stick .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
A person walks in the dark near streetlights .
A street light lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime .
A child in a red child plays on playground equipment .
A little kid plays on the equipment at the park .
A small blond child wearing a red jacket climbs on a playground .
Blond child wearing a red jacket and crawling on playground equipment .
The kid at the playground has a red sweater on .
Two staffordshire terriers race through a field in the woods
Two brown dogs running in a grassy field .
Two dogs running in the woods .
two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees .
Two tan dogs run along a field at the edge of a woods .
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand .
A girl sits patiently as another one draws henna on her .
The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting .
The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager 's hand .
Two girls at a table with papers between them .
a man with a microphone watches two children practicing sum wrestling .
Two girls dressed up with sumo pants wrestling while people look on .
Two people have their arm entangled with each other while people look on .
Two woman competiting in a mock sumo wrestler competiton .
Two young girls sumo wrestle while others watch .
a family deciding what to other at a restaurant
A woman points to the menu while another woman and man look on .
three chinese people eat soup .
Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant .
Two women and a man are sitting at a round table .
A snowboarder going over a cliff .
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall .
A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge .
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air over snow .
The snowboarder is doing a jump .
A dog runs in a race .
A dog wearing a number " 8 " races on a track .
A greyhound in a black and yellow shirt is racing .
A white greyhound dog wearing the number eight is running on a track .
The muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track .
A boy wearing a blue parka , green pants , and white shoes is leaping in a ramp .
a man performs a large jump .
A man wearing a blue jacket jumping from one concrete wall to the other .
A person in a blue jacket jumps off of a tan cement wall .
Someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne .
A smiling group posing together .
Four people pose upclose for the camera .
The young adults take a group shot of themselves .
Two men and two women taking a self-portrait
two women and two men are posing for a self held camera photograph .
A motocross biker flies in the air on his bike .
An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle .
A person in white in the air on their motorbike .
A white motorcycle is being jumped in the air by a person in a white outfit and crash helmet .
Rider making high jump on motorcycle .
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling .
A child in a black shirt , running .
A little boy in navy blue is running very fast .
A young boy in a dark blue shirt runs as the grassy background blurs .
A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints .
A basketball player jumps for a shot while another attempts to block him .
Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red .
Two basketball players oppose each other at the net .
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the other .
Two men , one with a ball and a blue uniform , and the other in a white uniform are playing basketball .
A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left
Two boys in a tent smile for the camera .
Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets .
Two children are playing in a homemade fort .
Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
The boy is jumping in the air .
Where is the rest of his racket ?
A woman helping a young blonde girl .
A woman in a sweater is painting the face of a young girl in a striped shirt .
A woman paints a picture on a girl 's face .
A woman with glasses is face painting a blond girl .
the woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blonde girl .
A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure .
A group of people gather in front of a historic building
Many bundled up people are standing in a public square .
There is a group of people in winter coats are gather in front of a large building .
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter .
a man and woman have matching tattoos .
A man holds the hair of a woman to show her matching tattoo .
a pair showing off matching musical note tattoos
The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos .
Two people show off their matching skull tattoos while two other people look on .
A black dog leaps in the water .
A black dog runs fast into shallow water .
A dog bounds into the water .
Black dog running into the water .
Black dog running through water next to beach .
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch .
An Irish dancer performs a solo .
A woman in tights dances .
Girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same .
Outdoors , girl in orange dress dancing as other dancers huddle in background .
A group of pugs in a lawn .
A pack of Pugs .
Group of pale brown and black pugs playing on grass .
Many dogs are shown in the grass .
Nine black and brown pugs in harnesses playing on a grassy lawn .
A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf .
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock .
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background .
Small girl blowing bubbles outside .
The girl in the pink dress is blowing bubbles on a walkway in front of a black ship .
A man drives an ATV down a dirt road with a power line behind him .
a man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill .
A man wearing a white hat is on a red ATV driving on the dirt .
Man riding four-wheel , off-road vehicle in rural area .
The man rides his quad through a rural area followed by his dog .
A girl and a man wearing a colored hat is leaning from the window of a limousine .
a long white limo with two people hanging out the window
A man , with rainbow hair , and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo .
Two people , one with a rainbow wig , wave out the window of a limo .
Two women , one in a rainbow wig , wave out of a long car .
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes .
A group of people crossing ropes that are suspended over water .
Many people climb on a ropes course outside .
Men on a ropes course .
People are climbing on a rope bridge that is crossing a stream .
A man in a grey shirt juggles six black and white balls .
A man juggling hackey sacks
A person is looking up and juggling seven balls .
A young man juggles six black and white balls .
The man juggles six balls easily .
A man playing the Trumpet into a microphone .
A man plays the trumpet onstage
A young man in a black sweater plays a trumpet into a microphone .
A young man plays the trumpet .
The man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone .
A brown , black , and white dog play in a grassy field .
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .
Three dogs running on a grassy field .
Three dogs run on wide , grassy , outdoor area .
White , brown , and black dogs running across a grassy lawn .
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow .
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .
A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag .
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow .
a tan dog wearing a multicolored color running on the beach
A skier falling down a hill .
A skier is falling face first into the snow .
A skier is falling into the snow .
A skier falls down a hill .
The skier is leaning forward in the snow .
a person riding a snowboard with a pink bottom
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A snowboarder jumps across a snowy hill .
A snowboarder with a pink board jumping down a snow covered hill near trees .
Snowboarder on a pink board flying through the air .
A brown and white dog standing next to a smaller brown and white dog in front of a fence .
A brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog .
A large dog plays in the sand with a small dog .
Collie dog digs in sand .
Two dogs playing in the sand next to a fence .
A black dog pulls a red sled in the snow .
A black dog pulls a red sleigh
A black dog wearing a harness is pulling a sled .
A black dog wearing a harness that is attached to a red sled .
Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled .
a man carves an ice block with a chainsaw .
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice .
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture .
Man carves block of ice with a saw .
Man with an ice sculpture
Three Asian women , one elderly , one a child and one an adult crossing a street .
Three women in hats walk down a sidewalk .
Three women in white hats in a line .
Three women , one old , one young and one a child , walk down a street .
Three women walk in a line on the sidewalk .
A man in orange and blue is in the lead in a bike race .
Cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road .
The bicyclists are in a race .
Three people race their bicycles in competition in the forest .
Two cyclists lead the pack in a race while wearing long-spandex pants .
A complete dog sled team in motion .
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow .
A team of dogs pulls a sleigh holding two people across the snow .
Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs .
Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs .
A brown squirrel is jumping over a snow drift .
A brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area .
A grey squirrel bounds over the melting snow .
A squirrel takes a huge leap over a mound of snow .
A squirrel jumps in the snow .
a crowd cheers on a sled dog racer .
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers .
Dogs pull a sled in the snow .
The crowd watches the musher 's dog sled .
Three dogs pull a sled during a race in the snow .
a few people waing around at a train stop
Five people on a sidewalk .
five people standing on a sidewalk
Three girls and a guy wait for a rail train .
three people stand on the sidewalk .
A group of Chinese teenage girls walking .
A group of dark-haired girls are walking together .
A group of dark haired young ladies in shorts walks past a bank of lockers .
four Asian girls are walking through a locker room .
Four dark-haired girls walk the hall toward a bank of lockers .
Four black-haired girls in shorts are walking .
Four girls in shorts walk down the street .
Four little girls walking together .
There are four girls with shorts on walking together .
Three girls wearing shorts , walking .
A crowd of people are sitting in bleachers , and some are holding American flags .
A crowd of people , some with flags , at an event .
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags .
People are sitting on bleachers waving American flags .
People waving flags watch a game .
Three dogs are playing together in the dirt .
Three dogs of varying sizes and colors stand on dirt .
Three dogs running in the dirt .
three dogs run together .
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
A group of boys are playing basketball and a boy in a brown shirt is throwing a basketball into the basket .
A man jumps up towards the basketball hoop as others watch .
a man wearing a brown shirt throwing the basketball into the basket .
Several people play basketball outside .
The guys are shooting hoops .
A child in a striped dress and a woman in a black dress .
A little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf .
A woman holding a small child .
A woman with a toddler in a striped dress
The woman is holding a baby girl wearing a striped dress .
A group of people stand together and look at the camera .
A man , a woman , a girl , and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned .
A man , woman and one girl face the camera , while one girl faces away .
Oriental man , and two women facing camera and young child with back to camera .
Three people looking concerned facing us , a girl in a backback facing away .
A lady is sitting at a table alone in a very colorful place .
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt .
An older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt , holding a glass .
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room
An old woman is sitting in a cafe with a glass of water .
A warmly dressed woman in black kneels with a small tan dog near a crowd of onlookers .
A woman in winter clothing kneels next to a small brown and white dog in the snow .
A woman kneeling in the snow attaching a harness on a small tan dog .
A woman puts a harness on her small brown dog while in the snow .
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
A black and tan dog walking through the snow .
A German-shepherd dog runs through deep snow that has covered grass .
A German Shephard runs in the snow .
A German shepherd dog is running in the snow .
The large dog is running through snow .
A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground .
A boy plays at the playground .
a boy run through a big wheel .
A man is at a park and about to enter a large round structure .
Two children play on large barrel hoops on a playground .
Two boys are running in a metal barrel .
Two boys are running in a spinning tube .
Two boys are walking inside a human-size exercise-wheel .
Two boys running in a giant metal wheel .
Two boys walking to make a cylinder roll at a small carnival .
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a dark object in the snow .
Two poodles playing tug-o-war
Two white poodles fighting over something in their mouths in the snow
Two white standard poodles playing tug of war in the snow .
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow .
A brown dog holding a really big stick .
A dog in the snow carrying a tree limb in its mouth .
Brown dog runs through snow with a snow covered branch in its mouth .
The brown dog running in the snow is carrying a large stick , also covered with snow .
Two brown dogs are wearing muzzles and running very fast through the grass .
Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field .
Two dogs racing on grass track .
Two dogs wearing mouth harnesses race through a field .
Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .
A smiling woman stands in front of a body of water with water birds .
A woman in a white shirt and dark jacket stands in a marsh .
A woman laughing by a lake .
A woman standing in front of water and dry grass smiles .
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek .
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race .
A group of people are running a race .
A large pack of men jog in a race .
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack .
There is a large crowd of runners .
A building with people outside .
A group of people stand in front of a large apartment building .
an anciet city with people walking the streets .
People in front of a beige five story building .
The corner of a building , from the street .
A climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall
A man attemping to climb a fake rock wall .
A man climbs a rock wall .
A man climbs up an artificial climbing wall .
a rock climber climbs a rock wall .
Two persons in midair snowboarding .
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow .
Two snowboarders are suspended in midair after a jump from a snow slope .
Two snowboarders in the air above snow .
Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air .
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window .
Two long haired boys are by a white window .
Two teenage boys walking on the street .
Two young men walking together .
Two young men with shaggy hair are waiting outside , wearing warm clothes and backpacks .
A family picture
A group of adults wear sweaters and have their hands in their pockets .
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
A group shot of four guys and one girl in front of a brick building .
A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building .
A man in American flag shorts stands at the top of the stairs .
A man in flag underwear standing on the steps with a book and black shoes on .
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .
Person standing on step wearing American flag shorts and holding a box .
A man is skiing down a mountain .
A person dressed in red and grey is skiing down a snowy slope .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A skier skiing downhill in a cloud of snow .
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast .
A person ski jumps off an A frame shack .
A snowboarder jumps over a shed which is almost covered with snow
Snow covered wooded area with a structure and a person in white top and orange pants in midair .
The skier jumps over a hut in the snow covered forest .
The skier wearing orange pants is jumping over the wooden roof .
A child in pink throwing a snowball at a child in blue .
A girl in pink tosses a snowball a girl wearing blue .
Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .
Two girls in winter jackets , knit hats , and glvoes are outside in the snow .
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow .
A girl and boy hugging in the cobblestone street .
A little boy kisses a little girl on the side of the road .
A little boy tells a secret to a little girl
The two children stand on a cobblestone street and play .
Two young children playing on the street .
A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .
A man sits on a blue city bench with a blue blanket over his head .
A person on a blue bench under a blue blanket .
A person with a blue blanket on his head sits on a metal bench in an urban neighborhood .
The man sitting on the blue bench has a blanket covering his head .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow .
A lean white and brown dog makes its way through a patch of snow .
A slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
A man in an orange shirt is standing in a fire .
A man in an orange shirt is walking over fire while a crowd watches .
A man is walking through fire .
A man walks between burning piles .
A man walks past burning piles in front of a crowd with cameras
A cadet is being taught how to properly stretch his right leg .
A man in military fatigues is assisting another man who is lying on the ground in front of a row of parked cars .
A man on the ground near a row of cars , and another man standing holding the first man 's leg .
One man is helping another man get under a boundary line .
Two men in combat fatigues , one grabs the other 's foot on grass near parking lot .
A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood .
A man is diving off logs while wearing all black gear .
A man jumping off of some logs .
A man jumps off a wooden structure .
A man with a black shirt jumps from a wooden plank on a cloudy day .
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy .
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag .
kid practicing karate move
Little girl kicks black object at karate class .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
A man hiking in the wilderness giving the camera a thumbs up .
A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail .
A man in a blue shirt is hiking through green foliage .
A man wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt walks in a dense forest .
Man standing in the midst of plants is giving two thumbs up .
A man in dark gear and a man in light gear wade through deep water .
Two men are racing in the water .
Two men , one in a blue swimcap , stand in torso-deep water .
Two men , walking waist deep in water , with one man shirtless with green hair and bright pink arms .
two men walk through the water .
One man in the hole of a tire in water , and another man getting up from the water next to him .
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
Two men are playing with tires in muddy water .
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave .
Many surfers are sitting on their surfboards in the calm ocean .
Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave .
People line up in the ocean .
Surfers line up in the water awaiting the next wave .
A boy and a woman in Arab costume making peace signs .
A boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs .
A girl in a headdress and a boy with a bandanna are giving the peace sign to the camera .
A woman wearing a blue headcover and a boy wearing a scarf hold fingers in peace signs .
A woman with a blue headdress and a boy with a headband make a peace sign with their fingers
A black and white dog jumping in the snow .
A black and white dog jumps in the snow .
A dog jumps high in the snow .
A dog jumps in the snow .
Large black and white dog jumping in the snow .
A man and a woman adjust a camera on a tripod outdoors .
A man and woman setup a camera .
A pair work with the camera .
The man and the woman worked together to adjust the camera .
Two young adults are setting up the video camera for some action .
a boy holds up his paper while men stand around a table .
A group of adults and children doing some activity on a sidewalk outside .
A little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame .
Several people are preparing to film a scene involving a young schoolgirl and a young schoolboy .
Two little kids are on a production set with seven adults .
A camera team wearing jackets stands in front of a white building .
A man is setting up a camera to take shots of something that ca n't be seen near a ZCHTV wall .
A man shoots footage with a camera as two women look on .
A man with long hair is looking through a camera .
Three people stand outside one has a camera on a tripod .
a male reported in a black and white jacket interviewing a young woman
A man holding a microphone in front of a person 's face .
A man holding a microphone up for a woman .
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl 's face .
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair .
A child being interviewed by a man with a microphone .
A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .
A man interviews a boy in front of a crowd of people .
The man is interviewing a teenage boy in front of an audience .
A man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise .
A person on fire .
A person on fire runs to the left and two other people face him .
Stunt man on fire with two men watching .
Three people , one of whom is on fire .
A dog , wearing a number 8 , running in a race .
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack .
A greyhound runs in a race , bee striped jacket , number eight .
Grey dog with muzzle and with the # 8 yellow striped identification is running .
Racedog has the number 8 .
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass .
A black dog with a purple collar is running .
A black dog with a purple collar running .
a black dog with purple collar running
The black dog is wearing a purple collar with a black leash as he is running .
A rock face is covered with snow and ice .
A rocking climbing mountain inside a building .
a view of some large snowcapped mountains
Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift .
There is a pile of white snow .
A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them .
A group of people laying in the snow , while another person jumps them .
A person rides a sled over several people .
A sledder is making a jump over other kids lying in the snow .
One boy jumps over several other boys laying in the snow with his sled , while one boy sits on one end .
A man break dances as a crowd watches .
A man dances on a mat in front of a crowd .
A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd .
A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .
The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .
a man in a beige shirt is operating a video camera next to a girl in a black sweater .
A man is setting up a camera on a tripod while a woman stands in the background .
A man preparing a camera on a tripod
A man sets up a video camera while a woman stands behind him .
Two people with photograhi equipment standing beside a tree with computer equipment in the background on table .
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
Two men are standing in the street behind a table that has a laptop and a TV monitor on it .
two men looking at a screen
Two men stand behind a table with electronics on it .
two men with a lot of electrical equpiment on a table in front of them .
Two women are looking at a monitor with a long antenna .
two women are watching a monitor screen outside in a city street .
Two women , a TV with antenna before them , one is watching the other is looking down .
Two women on a street are stopped at a television .
Two women set up a small flatscreen computer .
A man is kneeling in the top step while many people are behind him sitting in chairs .
A man sits on the stage giving technical assistance for a performance .
a man sitting in front of a stage
A man with a " Backyard Babies " has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him .
Crowd behind man working projector
A lone performer or lecturer takes the stage in an urban setting , for a crowd of about 30 spectators .
An older crowd looks up at a small stage in the street .
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
People are seated outdoors to see someone onstage .
People are watching an outside presentation .
A girl in black is starring off into the distance .
A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod
A woman leans against the wall while a camera operates next to her .
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera .
a woman stands behind a video camera .
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow .
A young child coming down a snowy hill with snow flying around him near tiretracks .
A young child slides down a snow slope while smiling .
Little boy sledding down a snow covered hill .
Young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill .
A basketball player performing a lay-up .
A boy in a blue basketball uniform , number 13 and a boy in a white basketball uniform , number 23 jump for the ball .
A man in a white uniform jumps while holding a basketball as another in blue blocks him .
Basketball player wearing a white , number 23 jersey jumps up with the ball while guarded by number 13 on the opposite team .
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner .
a dog walks across the sand .
A sandy colored dog walking toward the camera with its leash attached and dragging below .
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day .
Dog with lease poses for the camera with its tongue hanging out .
A dog is jumping over a blue and white obstacle course fence .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog runs headlong towards a hurdle .
A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .
a tan dog jumping over a goal net on a large grassy field
A brown dog and a swan having a confrontation beside a pond .
A brown dog on a dock faces a white swan in the water .
A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake .
A dog looking at a swan in the water .
A dog on a deck confronting a swan .
A break dancer spins on his head outside as onlookers watch the performance .
A man spinning on his head on a city sidewalk near a checkerboard mat .
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd .
Man standing on his head near a black and white pattern in the street .
Young man break dancing in the street .
people are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching
Many people are watching street performers dancing .
Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches
Two men break dancing , with a crowd looking on .
two men dancing on a checker board in front of a crowd
A man down on one knee in the foreground , three others behind him , and a crowd surrounding them .
A man kneels on the sidewalk as a crowd watches .
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street .
Many people are watching two men performing in a busy street .
Two green shirted males perform on the square as people watch .
A crowd in a European square watching a green shirted man .
A gentleman in a green jersey is entertaining a crowd of people .
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .
A man with a yellow and green shirt is standing in front of a crowd of people .
Man in colorful jersey and cap performs for crowd in urban area .
A boy plays in the surf .
A boy running through surf on a beach .
a young boy wearing sunglasses playing on the shore at the beach
Boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean .
People stand in the surf .
Two brown dogs are playing in a field .
Two brown dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
Two brown dogs play or fight .
Two dogs run across the grassy field .
Two large brown dogs run along a field playfully .
A woman and child sitting on a bench beside a wooden bear carving .
A woman and little girl are sitting on a wooden bench beside a wooden bear .
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear .
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store .
A young girl being held by an older woman wearing bluejeans sitting on the lap of a bear statue near the entrance to a wooden building .
A man asleep on the subway .
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
Dark skinned male in leather jacket sleeping .
The man in the leather jacket sleeps on the subway .
A dark tent with nightclub lighting and people dancing with a man in a suit in the foreground .
A group of people in a dimly lit night club .
A man looks on in a club .
A man stares out a window .
People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent .
A dog sledding team pulling a man wearing a bright orange jacket in the snow .
A man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow .
A man is in a dog sled race with snow on the ground .
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town .
Dogs lead a sled with a man in an orange parka through the snow .
A dog sled races through the snow .
A dog sled team and their driver .
A musher waves and smiles behind his dogs who are running in snow .
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow .
The musher is pressing the dogs to the finish line .
A basketball player in white is trying to defend against the player in black who is dribbling the ball .
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him .
Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
Two teams are playing basketball as one man is driving towards the hoop .
White player attempts to get ball from black player on basketball court .
A bunch of men play rugby on a muddy field .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A group of opposing players are in the middle of a rugby game .
Men play rugby .
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left .
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building .
Three people are waiting on the curb as a man walks by .
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left .
A few players show off their jousting skills in a gym .
The people in the masks are fencing .
Two fencers in full gear duel in a gym .
Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class
Two fencers in white suits and black masks compete in a gymnasium setting .
The two men are playing Frisbee in a field .
Two men in long sleeved clothing are playing Frisbee in a park .
Two men in wintry athletic clothing play ultimate Frisbee .
Two men play Frisbee in the park .
two player run for the Frisbee .
A little boy jumps in the air while his younger brother looks on .
boy jumps through mud puddle .
The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day .
Two children are playing in a mud puddle .
two little boys play with a puddle .
A baby holding glasses looks at the camera while a man hugs him .
A man holding a baby who is holding black glasses .
A man holds a baby , which is chewing on eyeglasses .
A man holds a baby who is holding eye glasses .
Baby with his dads glasses in his mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location .
A biker lets go of the handlebars while flying over the ground .
An extreme cyclist in red shirt and helmet jumping his bike over a guidewire
A person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach .
Person in orange shirt balancing bicycle on wire
A black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice .
A black and white dog with a chunk of snow it its mouth while walking on a snowy surface .
A brown and white dog is carrying a snowball .
A brown and white dog walks in the snow with a big chunk of snow in his mouth .
A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth .
A boy in blue runs away from a woman in blue .
A lady is chasing after a little boy .
A little boy in a blue jacket is running and being chased by a woman .
A little boy in blue is being chased by a woman in blue .
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother .
Two dogs are swimming through deep water within close proximity to one another .
Two white dogs are swimming .
Two white dogs swim face to face in shady water .
Two white dogs swimming in the ocean .
White dog in the water .
A man exploring a cave .
a man wearing a blue hardhat with a lamp is standing in a crevice of a cave .
A man with a blue hat with a headlamp on it is standing in a cave .
A man with headlight gear is standing in a cave .
A worker wearing a hardhat is working inside a cave .
A dirt biker in the forest .
A dirt biker rides his motocycle through the woods .
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
A motorcyclist navigates a forest trail .
A person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees .
The 2 runners are ready for the track .
Two people are in running race starting position with a long lane field ahead of them .
Two runners are at the starting blocks , readying for a race .
Two runners are at the starting line getting ready to race .
Two runners get ready to race on a track .
A dirty dog is running down a vacant road .
A dog is running on a pathway .
A dog running down a paved road .
A yellow dog runs down a dirt path .
Blonde dog running down road
A guy riding a bike through mud and water .
A man on a red dirt bike drives in the mud , covered in spray .
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle .
A motorcycle racer has hit some mud on the track .
A person wearing a red and black uniform jumps on a motorbike .
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean .
A white dog is jumping in some cat tails .
A white dog leaps through dried cattails coming through the snow .
A white dog runs through dried cattails in a snowy field .
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass .
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
A boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard .
A boy is balancing his skateboard on a cement wall .
A boy performs a skateboard trick in a parking lot .
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
A brown haired woman wearing a red scarf near a stream .
A dark haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf .
A woman in a red scarf smiles for the camera .
A woman wearing a red scarf is standing on a hill by a winding road .
A woman wearing a red scarf smiles in front of a mountain background .
A group of people are in a swimming pool , being splashed .
A large water splash near three swimmers .
People are splashed by water coming down a shoot .
People in a pool and something just created a large splash .
Three people are in a pool dodging a giant splash .
A black dog in the middle of running or leaping .
A black dog is running quickly along the ground .
A rottweiler running .
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
There is a black and tan dog bounding through the air .
A man cross-country skis on a snowy path .
A man skies on the snowy ground among trees .
A man skiing through a wintry wooded area wearing a red jacket .
Cross-country skiers are traveling through a snowy forest .
People hike in the snow surrounded by trees .
A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth .
A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash , in a park .
A large dog holding a smaller dog .
A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash .
A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog .
A crowd surrounds a grounded hot air balloon .
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .
A group of people climb into a hot air balloon .
A hot-air balloon getting filled .
People gathered around a hot air balloon in the process of inflating .
Three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
Three dogs race in the snow together .
Three dogs running through the snow .
Three dogs walk together across a snowy field .
Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog .
A brown and white dog walks behind a brown cow .
A dog is running past a farm animal nearby a fence diving tall and short grass .
A dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field .
Dog and cow in field .
The brown and white dog ran through the green grass .
A chicken and a white dog in the mulch .
A dog and a chicken next to a building .
A white dog rests on a log as a chicken pecks at the ground .
Chicken pecking at the ground .
The white dog is ignoring the black and white chicken .
A person stands in front of a white and red bus .
A person with long hair and a black coat stands in the street in front of a bus while people on the sidewalk look on .
A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus .
Man with back to camera standing in front of a bus
The person looks cautiously into traffic to be sure no car is coming .
A man drives a boat along a waterway lined with apartments .
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .
A man steers a boat through the canal lined with colorful houses with red roofs .
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
A person on a boat in a canal .
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach .
A brown dog shaking its head .
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head .
a brown dog wearing a chain collar on a mountain running crazily .
A dark brown dog rapidly shaking off .
A boy on a snowboard leaps through the air .
A man in a yellow hat is crouching on his snowboard .
A man in a blue shirt and green cap on a red snowboard .
A snowboarder flies through the air on a red snowboard in front of a snowy landscape .
A snowboarder landing on a pile of wood .
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout .
Sumo wrestlers pushing against each other .
Two people are sumo wrestling .
Two sumo wrestlers in a fight .
Two sumo wrestlers wrestling .
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it .
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow .
A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow .
Two dogs , a big dog and a small dog , run in the snow .
Two dogs are standing in snow , the smaller one barking at the larger one .
A group of people in a dim room .
A man and two women sit in a darkened room at a table with candles .
A man speaking with two women .
Patrons share a drink at nightclub .
Three people sit at table by red siren .
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
A woman and two kids sit in a straw hut with a blue blanket on the floor .
Three African children sitting in a bamboo tent .
Three young children are sitting on the floor of a grass hut .
Two children and one young woman inside a straw hut , looking outwards .
a person snowboarding on a refrigerator
A refrigerator is stuck in a bank of snow , and a man is skiing on it .
A skier is using a refrigerator as a ramp .
A skier goes up a refrigerator in a snowbank .
A skier on the side of a refrigerator that 's in a snowbank with the sun in the background .
A dark haired man standing up singing and a man in a brown hat sitting playing guitar .
A man sings as another is playing guitar .
Singer and guitarist performing .
The man sang a song while another man played guitar .
two musicians singing and playing
A bicyclist is doing a trick in midair .
A bicyler is performing a trick in the air .
A bmx rider makes a jump .
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
Picture of biker in midair of a jump .
A man in an orange shirt hitting a tennis ball with a racket .
A man plays tennis dressed in U of Miami colors .
A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket .
a tennis player hits the ball .
man dressed in orange and white hitting a tennis ball with racquet
A man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
A man in an orange t-shirt and white wristbands plays tennis .
a man wearing an orange U. Miami t-shirt playing tennis
A tennis player in an orange shirt is lining up his racquet to strike the ball .
A biker performs before a crowd .
a lone motorcyclist jumping through the air in front of a large crowd .
A motorcycle rider is in midair in front of a crowd .
A person rides a bike high in the air as a crowd watches .
The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike .
A man in a flowered shirt holds a microphone beside a violin player standing in a crowd of people .
A man is holding a violin whilst the woman plays it with the bow .
A man plays a violin at a concert while a man speaks into a microphone .
A violinist and a singer perform in front of people .
one man singing next to another man playing the violin .
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette .
a man smokes a cigarette .
a man wearing a blue shirt smoking a cigarette in front of a building
A redheaded man smokes a cigarette while leaning his head forward .
man in blue shirt smoking
A group of people performing .
An older man and two younger men perform in front of a group .
Performers onstage dancing and clapping .
The man is playing the acoustic guitar while the other men make gestures
Two men gesture at each other , while a third plays guitar .
A dirt biker covered in mud racing
A man on a dirt bike is covered in mud .
a motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud
Man in a helmet riding a dirt bike covered with mud .
One motorcyclist covered in mud riding his motorcycle through the mud .
A boy on a skateboard rides down a red pole .
A male youth is grinding a rail on his skateboard .
A person skateboarding on a red rail .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
The boy is performing a trick on a red rail with a skateboard .
A swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air .
A swimmer wearing a black cap surfaces for air .
a swimmer wearing a black hat and goggles is doing the butterfly stroke .
Person in goggles and black swim cap swimming
Young man swimming , wearing swimming cap and protective goggles .
Children jumping off of cement .
Two children are jumping off a wall .
Two children standing on a wall .
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground .
Two young girls are jumping off of a steep step .
A man dives into a lake .
A man dives into the water surrounded by rocks and pine trees .
A man is diving into water near a shore .
A young man dives into water .
The man is diving into the water .
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
A group of warmly dressed people in the back of a truck .
A variety of folks in the back of a large wagon .
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck .
People are riding in a crowded truck bed .
Four dogs run in the grass .
Three dogs walking in the grass .
Two dogs are running in the field .
Two dogs run in the grass as a third dog watches from behind them .
Two large dogs running while a third watches .
A group of little boys playing indoor soccer .
Number 13 kicks a soccer ball towards the goal during children 's soccer game .
Several little boys play indoor soccer .
Soccer player # 13 takes a shot on goal with four defenders and a goalie .
The boys are playing soccer .
The ladies are talking .
Three women are smiling with paintings behind them .
Three women at an art gallery , two of the women holding wine glasses .
Three women talking and laughing , while 2 hold glasses of wine .
Three women talking , holding glasses of wine , with paintings in the background .
A girl and boy look at each other .
A girl smiles and a boy looks up at her .
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
Three asian people sitting down .
Two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
A brown dog begins to bit the leg of a farm animal in the grass .
A brown dog biting a horse 's ankle .
A brown dog biting a horse 's leg .
A cattle dog nips the leg of an animal .
A dog nips at the leg of a horse .
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball .
Four women competing in beach volleyball beside a large body of water .
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball
Girls in bikinis playing volleyball on the beach .
Women in bikinis play beach volleyball by the waterside .
A woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach .
A woman is riding a brown horse on the shore of the ocean .
A woman on horseback , riding on the beach .
a woman riding a large brown horse on the beach
Person on a horse on the beach .
A man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation .
A man wearing a black hat points at a woman in black while another woman looks on .
Suprised couple talking to woman .
The man in the black beret has a conversation with two women .
The man is pointing his finger down while two ladies look on .
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall .
A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
A kid in a white shirt and white hat and jeans skateboards down a ramp .
A rollerblader skates down a ramp with his arms in the air .
The skater throws his arms into the air as he skids down the concrete wall .
A basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players .
A basketball player with several blockers .
A group of high school basketball players play a game .
a group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player .
A young man in a white uniform holds a basketball surrounded by members of the opposing team wearing green .
A chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around .
A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a road .
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass .
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .
A brown toy dog is running across low snow with tail raised .
A little brown dog is running in the snow .
A small brown dog is running across snow .
A small brown dog running in snow .
The small brown dog runs in the snow .
A dirt biker participates in a race .
A dirt bike tears up the terrain .
A man on a bike throws up dirt during a motor cross event .
a motocross bike kicks up dirt as it is being ridden around a bend in the circuit .
A person in a blue outfit rides a motorcycle through a hill of dirt .
A downhill skier races down the snowy hillside as the sun shines above in a clear sky .
A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky .
A skier is skiing alone in fresh powder on a sunny day .
A skier on a slope .
A skier traveling downhill through mostly untouched snow .
A group stands on tan checkered tiles .
many people stand around reading .
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
People stand reading papers while waiting for a subway .
People waiting for train on tiled platform .
A black greyhound in white and green coming up on the rear of a white greyhound in yellow and black in a race .
A greyhound running on a track .
Racing dog with yellow number 8 vest
The greyhound is running in a race .
The racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey # 8 .
A large white bird flies out of the water .
a large white bird takes flighht out of the water .
a large white crane flying through the air over the water .
A white crane is flying above some water .
White dove glides above water .
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water .
Two dogs running past a tree .
Two dogs run through a field .
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
Two grey dogs run near the water on a manicured lawn in the fall .
A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier .
A redheaded woman with a baby in a harness .
A woman holding a baby in a pouch on the front of her body .
A woman is carrying a sleeping baby in a sling on her chest .
The woman holds a small infant in a baby carrier on her chest .
A band playing in a dark indoor area .
A three person band performs on a small stage .
Live band at underground cabana
The silhouettes of a man on the left , a woman with arms up in the middle , and woman on the right .
Three people are in a dimly lit room with gold walls decorated with red ovals and black lettering .
A dear jumps the fence .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A deer jumping over a fence .
A deer jumps a fence .
Doe jumps over wood and wire fence
The two dogs are rolling on a purple blanket .
Two dogs lay on their backs on a purple bedspread .
Two dogs lay upside down on a purple bed .
Two dogs lying on their backs on the purple bed .
Two large dogs lying on their backs on a purple comforter .
People picking in a marsh .
People standing in mud .
Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area .
Two people working in mud .
two people working in water next to field
Four girls are playing volleyball on a sandy beach near ocean .
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
Girls in bikinis are playing a game of volleyball near a body of water .
A man has dreadlocks .
A man in a red shirt with dreadlocks is holding one cheek .
A man talks on his cellphone as he walks down the street .
a man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone .
The man in the read sweatshirt has his hair in dreadlocks .
A person in black covering their face with their hands .
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
A woman is covering her eyes with her hands .
Person in black jacket standing with hands over eyes with street lights on in the background .
The man with brown hair in the black sweater is covering his face with his hands .
A person in a knit hat hiding their face with a scarf .
A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater .
A woman in a park wearing a hat and holding a scarf over her face .
A woman outside covers her face with fabric .
The adult is covering their face with a piece of clothing outside
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him .
A black dog is chasing another black dog that 's carrying a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is chasing another black dog who is holding a ball , a wheel , and some red rope .
A black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire .
one black dog running with a ball and small tire in his mouth while another black dog follows .
A group of people are wearing bunny ears .
A group of people , several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae .
A Group of people wearing white head bands with two white fluffy balls on each one .
A group of women with pink bunny ears walk outside .
several people walking down the street wearing pink fluffy headbands
Asian women standing near a pole .
Several Asian women are standing on the street .
The four Asian girls are standing on a street corner , all with book bags on their shoulders .
These girls are standing near a street corner with cars in the background .
Women stand on the street .
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass .
A black dog and a white and brown dog running in a grassy field
Two dogs running in a field .
Two dogs run through the grass .
Three dogs playing on grass .
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
A male teenager rides his skateboard onto a large rock .
A man gets a skateboard up on a big rock .
An adolescent wearing a blue striped shirt is skateboarding on a rock inside of a large building .
A skateboarder wearing blue flannel is skating on a rock at a skate park .
Man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock .
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball .
A black and white dog leaping to catch an orange ball in an open field .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a grassy field .
A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball .
Black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside .
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
Two kids run through grey sand .
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
two smiling kids walking on sand
Two young children are on sand .
Four people are walking on a bridge .
Four people walk on a bridge over a body of water .
People walking on a bridge over water .
Several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water .
several people walking in a line acroos a distant bridge
A hiker walks through the snowfield .
The two people carrying skis are walking in the snow .
Two people hike up a snowy hill .
Two people hiking up a snow covered mountain
Two skis hike uphill , through a barren , snowy landscape .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A black Labrador bounds across the snow .
A little black dog is running on the snow .
A small black dog runs through the white snow .
The black dog is running through the snow .
A man sits alone in a diner reading a book .
A man sits in a booth at a diner .
The kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room , including a man in a red jacket .
This is the inside of a small restaurant , with a cook in the background , and two men in booths .
Two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe .
Two black and white dogs and one has something blue in its mouth .
Two black and white dogs run through a field .
Two white dogs are running through a field .
Two white dogs run along a light colored field and one has a blue toy .
Two white dogs with black spots jumping through the grass .
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client 's hair in a salon .
A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon .
The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting .
Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm .
People pose for the picture while sitting on a bed .
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .
Two women pose for a picture in a bedroom .
Two young women are sitting on a bed beside some posters .
Two young women sit on a bed .
A crowd of people in the street at night .
A young girl sits atop a lady 's shoulders as they revel with the celebrating crowd .
Two woman and a child look at each other while a night party scene goes on behind them .
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party .
Two women and one young girl are together in a crowded area .
A man , two women , and two dogs on a beach with buildings in the background .
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach .
Three people on a city beach with two little dogs .
Two girls wrestle in the sand at the beach as a tan dog walks by .
Two women wrestle at the beach next to a city .
A halway has a sign that says " PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE " and some graffiti .
a kid doing tricks on the wall with his bmx bike
A man in a grey hooded sweatshirt rides his bicycle on a half pipe .
A person rides his bike over graffiti drawn on the ground .
A picture of a skateboard ramp and a french sign .
a boy carries a teenager on his back .
A boy struggles to carry a girl on his back .
A person wearing a black shirt is getting a piggy-back ride from a person wearing a black t-shirt walkng on a paved path in the woods .
A teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggy back ride in a forest .
The boy is carrying the other boy .
A group of dogs , chickens and a turkey stand by a bucket .
Five white puppies and several chickens compete for food
Many white puppies are eating food near several brown roosters .
Puppies , chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt .
Some chicken , dogs , and a turkey are trying to get some food out of a white bucket .
A brown dog is being attacked by two other dogs .
Three dogs appear to be playing rough inside a fenced enclosure .
three dogs playfully wrestle .
Two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back .
Two standing dogs and one brown dog lying on its back interact .
A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass .
A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .
There is a man with a blue shirt on and man with a gray coat on holding cups .
Two men have fun drinking
two men wearing nametags having a drink and smiling
A male freestyle rock-climber perches half-way up a pitted stone face .
A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall .
A man climbing a rock with a rope hanging down and safety clips on his waist belt .
A man in pants scaling the side of a cliff .
A man is climbing a rock wall .
a boy smiles by the pool .
A laughing young boy is near a swimming pool .
A young boy outside by the pool , smiling .
The child is laughing by a pool on the other side of the bars .
Young boy in a dark green shirt , behind a black fence near a pool .
A swan is flying through a body of water .
A swan preparing for flight across the pond
A swan taking off from a lake
The white swan is taking off from the water .
White bird flying above water .
A man who is resting his head on his hand .
A person wearing a white shirt sits and makes a face .
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand .
A woman resting her face on her hand .
This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand .
A man lying down with a maroon cloth over his eyes and someone standing over him wearing flip flops .
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him .
A man on the pavement shielding his eyes with his t-shirt .
A man wearing a maroon shirt tied around his face is laying on the cement
A man with a dark red shirt covering his face rests on the pavement near a person 's feet .
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
Four people holding three dogs in a field .
Four people stand with their dogs in a field .
These four people are standing outdoors , with 3 dogs .
Children hang on a wall next to water .
Four boys in swimming trunks lean on the cement edge of a pool with their legs in the water .
Four boys in water are hanging on to the concrete ledge .
Four children in the pool .
sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
A child playing with fire .
A little girl in a pink top is spinning a stick that has been set on fire .
Child holding an object that is on fire .
Little girl holds flaming object at sunset .
A man rides a skateboard off of a picnic table over the steps .
a man skateboard down a railing .
A skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps .
Onlookers watch as a man on a skateboard attempts a trick off a table sitting on stairs .
People watch as a man does skateboard tricks down a table on the steps .
A biker going up a path lined with red tape .
a bmx rider takes air along the course .
A motocross rider does a jump in the woods .
Biker in colorful clothes riding a trail .
The mountain bike is being ridden on a trail through the wood that is marked out by red tape .
A sandy brown dog is playing with a soccer ball outside .
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball .
A tan dog is playing with a soccer ball .
A yellow dog plays with a soccer ball .
The yellow dog is playing with a soccer ball .
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
A man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .
A older couple next to the box office .
Eldery couple wearing hats looking at tickets on the street .
Old man and woman in jackets facing each other
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow .
A man is snowboarding over a caution sign .
A person doing a jump with their snowboard over a orange and white caution sign .
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign .
A snowboarder jumping over a road warning .
A basketball player in blue is attempting to block a player in white during a game .
The men are playing basketball .
Two basketball players play in a game .
Two black men playing basketball in a gym .
Two men from opposite teams play basketball together .
A basketball player jumps to make the shot while another tries to stop him .
Man in blue sport uniform with basketball in right hand attempting to score basket while being blocked by player in white uniform .
The basketball player in white is defending the basket against the player wearing blue .
Two basketball players oppose each other at the net .
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the others shot .
A basketball player in a blue jersey holds the ball high .
A basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop
A man in blue uniform about to throw a basketball .
A man wearing a blue basketball jersey is shooting the basketball .
A young man shooting hoops .
A black dog is running along a muddy stream surrounded by fall foliage .
A black dog is running down a path .
A curly clack dog is running down a natural path .
Dark colored dog leaping down a path .
Fuzzy dark gray dog running along a dirt path with weeds on the sides .
A man helps up a woman who has fallen after kicking a soccer ball .
One soccer player is laying on the ground with his arms in the air whilst the other runs towards the ball .
One soccer player runs past a fallen teammate towards the ball .
Two men playing soccer , one sliding one running towards the ball .
Two people in brown uniforms playing in a soccer match .
A basketball player concentrating on keeping the ball from other players .
A basketball player holding a basketball .
The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white .
The man in blue has the basketball while the man on the left watches and the man on the right tries to stop him .
Two basketball teams compete .
a basketball player dribbles .
A basketball player for North Carolina moves with the ball in hand .
A man in a blue jersey plays basketball .
A North Carolina basketball player dribbles the ball .
The basketball player holds the ball .
A brown dog bares its fangs .
A German shepherd on a leash barking up at somebody .
A leashed dog holds its mouth open wide .
Brown dog barking at something off camera , green background .
The brown and black dog has his mouth open .
A brown dog is fetching something in its mouth on a field .
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth .
A dog is carrying something in his mouth .
A dog with a choke collar is holding a gauntlet in its mouth .
A large black and brown dog is carrying something in its mouth while walking on grass .
A little girl runs in the park , looking at somthing out of frame .
A young girl walks quickly outside .
Girl running past a bench .
The girl is running through a park near a wooden park bench .
Young girl in green shirt and sandals runs down the street
Two Asian women in red bottoms , one in a blue top , one in a white top , leaning down over something while the woman in the blue top smiles .
Two dark haired girls looking down at something
Two girls looking down at something , one is smiling .
Two girls with red shirts tied at their waists are laughing while looking down .
Two teenage girls , one is smiling .
a lady looks surprised .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
A crowd of people wearing red shirts runs along a city road .
A group of people in red are running down the road .
A large group of men and woman all wearing red t-shirts participate in a race .
The people in orange t-shirts are jogging on the street .
There are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon .
A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
Two girls are holding up signs offering ' free hugs '
Two people with signs reading " Free Hug " are staring with people nearby .
Two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
Two women with signs that say " Free hugs " .
A busy city street with many people walking along it .
A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
Chinese market street in the winter time .
People walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings .
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
A girl and guy holding signs and hugging .
A man and a woman hugging .
A man holding a sign and a blonde woman are embracing outdoors .
A man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman .
Man with sign hugging woman .
A guy on a snowboard grinding .
A snowboarder is attempting a trick down an outside railing .
Person in gray jacket and blue pants balancing board on handrail
The snowboarder is grinding on a silver rail in the nighttime snow .
The snow borader is riding a rail .
A couple hug each other and pose for the camera in front of a pond in the snow .
A man and woman embrace near a river in winter .
A man and woman standing next to each other in the snow by a lake .
The happy couple enjoys the scenic winter stream .
Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture .
A group poses for a picture in front of a frozen waterfall .
Four people crouched near an ice formation .
Four people sitting in the snow at the base of a frozen waterfall .
There are four people dressed in warm clothes sitting in the snow in front of a huge piece of ice .
Two couples pose for a picture in the winter .
A bird flying over the water .
A blue bird flying over water .
A gray bird is flying over the water .
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
A large gray bird begins to land in the water .
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom .
A man points to a blackboard to show a child something .
A man teaches English to a young girl in a rural African village .
one person pointing at a chalkboard with a student looking on
The man writes something on the chalkboard to teach the girl who is standing next to him .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert .
People filling a large black container with water .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A person jumping down a hill on his snowboard in the winter
A snowboarder glides down a stair rail .
A snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs .
A snowboarder is going down a snowy hill next to a staircase behind a building .
Person snowboarding on hill near snow covered stairs with buildings nearby .
A climber in a red shirt is secured by a rope as he looks down a crevasse .
A man is climbing a steep rock wall with a safety harness on
A person in a red shirt and black pants rock climbing .
A rock climber goes sideways .
Person with red shirt and black pants climbing a rock .
A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
A mother and child sit on the ice at a crowded rink .
A mother is consoling her daughter on the sidewalk .
A woman is holding a crying baby on the floor of a busy ice rink .
A woman sitting on the ground and comforting a crying child
A black and a black dog are running side by side .
A Rotweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth and a black lab running in the snow .
Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt .
Two dogs run in the snow ; one has a ball .
Two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .
A child and parent pet a horse .
A family pets a brown and white pony
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .
A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony .
The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse .
The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
The teenagers are fighting over a basketball during a game .
Two basketball players fighting over control of a ball .
Two basketball players struggle for the ball .
Two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
A cricket batter , dressed all in white , makes a hit
A man , dressed in white and wearing a red cap , plays on the grass .
A man in a rugby uniform hitting a ball in a grassy field .
A man playing cricket
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors .
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel .
A man doing some sort of trick .
A man in black perfors on a skateboard .
A man is jumping over a barrel on a skateboard
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area .
A boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached .
A child with a hat stands with a bat .
A young boy poses in a field with a baseball bat .
A young boy with a baseball bat holing his arm out .
The boy is wearing a green cap and holding a black baseball bat .
A German shepherd biting the protected arm of an attack trainer .
A man training a dog to attack his padded arm .
A man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog .
A man with a stick and arm protection is being bitten by a large dog .
The man wearing padded clothing is fending off an attack by a dog .
A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric .
A blonde dog is standing beside a blonde puppy , who is trying to get a stuffed animal from the adult dog .
An adult golden retriever and a puppy are playing tug of war with a brown toy .
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy .
The small , golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike
Two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
Two brown dogs wrestle on the grassy hill .
Two dogs playing in the grass .
Two greyish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass .
Two Weimeraners in a field .
A man is playing a guitar next to another man who is sitting behind a green cart wearing a mask .
A man plays a guitar while another man sits next to him wearing a mask .
On the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar .
Two guys are on the side of the street playing a guitar and drums .
Two men next to a building playing a guitar and drums .
A black and brown dog walking in deep snow .
A black dog runs down a snowy hill with his legs deep in the snow .
A dog shoulder-deep in snow .
A dog up to its belly in the snow attempts to move .
The dog runs in the deep snow .
A body boarder with yellow flippers gets thrown around by a wave .
A man boogie boarding sails over the wave .
A man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave .
A surfer in blue surfs a wave .
The man is tossed from his boogie board by a large wave .
A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day .
A couple kissing on a sidewalk in a city during winter .
a man in a tan jacket is kissing a girl in a pink jacket on a city street as a yellow taxi passes by .
Teen girl in a parka kissing teen boy in a brown jacket on a snowy street
Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road .
A man is standing in front of a brick storefront wearing a black jacket .
A man standing on a city street .
The man is in front of a building
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
A fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore .
A girl and a guy shop for records in a music store .
A man and woman look at music cds .
A woman holds a framed piece of art at a store while another man shops .
Shoppers in a record store .
A group of people are standing in a field flying kites .
A large amount of persons flying kites in a park .
A large group of people fly kites on a sunny day .
Many people fly kites in a park .
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd .
A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
A skateboarder leaping from a pool in front of a crowd .
Skateboarder does tricks in front of crowd while photographer watches
A guy in boarding shorts is trying to do a flip or handstand on the beach .
A man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore .
A man is doing a back flip on a beach in front of the ocean .
A man turning a somersault at the beach .
A shirtless man is doing a back flip on a beach .
A little white and brown dog runs through brown grass .
A small dog runs through a field .
Brown and white dog runs through brush .
Small dog running through a field .
The dog is running full speed through the meadow .
A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a green surfboard .
A man surfs in the curl of the wave .
A person surfing a wave .
A surfer rides out a wave .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog is fetching a stick in a country setting .
A dog is standing in the fenced in field with a stick in his mouth .
A dog runs through a field with a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass .
A guy snowboarding down a hill .
A skier in a ski suit is skiing downhill , near a fence .
A skier races down the mountain .
A slalom skier moving quickly downhill .
Competing skier going down the course leaning to make a sharp turn .
A man skis down the hill , spraying snow in the air , ski lifts in the background .
A person is skiing .
a skier going down a hill with cable cars in the background
A skier descends the snowy ski slope beneath the ski lift .
Person skiing on slope near ski lift
A boy plays a game with wooden blocks .
A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table .
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
Boy in blue shirt looking at someone 's hand near stack of blocks on table .
A chinese festival .
Men smiles in front of chinese market .
People gather outdoors at a market .
Several people walk past tents with lanterns set up on the street .
White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them
A brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog .
A chow jumps on a huskey .
A smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
Two dogs play in a large fenced-in area , while two men watch from a distance .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
A miniature breed dog is running in a straw strewn field .
A small dog is standing in a field .
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field .
The little dog with big ears is in the field .
A man jumps train cars with his bike .
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
A person is in the air while riding his bicycle on top of the train on a clear blue sky day .
A person is jumping over a train car while on their bicycle .
A person on a bicycle moving across the top of a train .
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen .
A man in a black shirt and jeans is backing away from a fire on a stove .
an Asian man is cooking on dish that is on fire in a commercial style kitchen .
A pan on the stove in flames , a cook with an intense expression on his face .
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan .
A large vehicle drives through a mud puddle .
A large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path .
An off road vehicle driving through a mud puddle .
An SUV traveling through mud .
A sport utility vehicle is driving through deep and muddy water .
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city .
A black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk .
A man in a black leather jacket walks next to a white brick building in a big city .
A man is looking into the distance whilst people behind him walk between buildings .
A man walking next to a grey brick wall .
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence .
A man jumps a bicycle down a porch stairway too close to the fence .
Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle .
Narrow streetway in old village .
The boy is on blue bike and is above a fence .
A brown dog chases something a man behind him threw on the beach .
A man and a dog on the beach .
A man is interacting with a dog that is running in the opposite direction .
A man playing fetch with his dog on a beach .
A man walking behind a running dog on the beach .
A beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass .
A white dog plays in the grass .
A white dog walks over the short grass .
The white dog walks along the dead grass with its tongue out .
White dog walking outside .
A group of four guys wearing tutu
An all-male band performing in tutus
Four male members of a band wear all white outfits that include white skirts over white pants .
Men dressed in tutus perform a musical act onstage .
Men wearing tutus sing and play guitars onstage .
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A man in a red jacket and goggles is skiing in a flurry of snow .
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board .
A snowboarder wearing orange is going down a mountain .
The snowboarder crashes down the snow covered mountain .
A black and white dog is chewing on a camera .
A black and white dog rests its head on a camera .
A puppy plays with a camera .
Black and white dog chewing on a canon camera setting in the grass the camera is black and white .
Black and white puppy gnaws camera .
A person in a green shirt jumping on a lawn near several other crowds of people .
A person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass .
A young boy in a green shirt is jumping .
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
Young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread .
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball on a beach
A dog playing in the waves with a ball .
A dog plays with a ball at the beach .
A small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach .
Brown dog jumping near water on the beach .
a boy in a red hooded top is ice skating on an outdoor ice rink .
A child in a red hoodie and black pants ice skating in a rink .
A kid in a red sweatshirt ice skating .
Kid in red sweatshirt ice skating
Young boy in red hoodie ice skating .
A dirt biker rides through some trees .
A man is riding a mountain bike through woodland .
A mountain biker is racing through a shaded trail .
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill .
Mountain biker in red striped helmet rides through the trees .
A large crowd dressed in renaissance attire gathers together in a city street .
People are dressed in Victorian outfits in a crowded outdoor area .
Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street .
street scene of elegant dressed people of older times
There is a large gathering of people in costumes outside on the street .
A troupe of flamboyant clowns .
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera .
Three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes .
Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown .
three people are dressed up as clowns in a city street .
A little girl on the sidewalk close to the road is playing with three hula hoops
A little girl plays with a hula hoop on the sidewalk in a residential neighborhood .
A small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood .
A small girl dressed in a red sweater playing hula hoop on a sidewalk in a neighborhood .
The girl on the sidewalk is using a hula hoop .
People in white standing on sports field while crowd watches from stands
Three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage .
Three baseball players are on the field while a large crowd is watching
Three men stand on a sports field in front of a large crowd .
Three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd .
A man wearing a blue shirt holds up a piece of art .
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art .
man holding black paper with white illustration
The man in the blue shirt shows of a picture .
The man in the blue smock and beret holds up a brass rubbing .
A black bird carrying a small branch .
A black bird flies while carrying a small tree branch in its beak .
A black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth .
Black bird flying with a leafy branch in its mouth .
The bird is carrying a plant in its mouth while flying .
A group of men playing hockey .
A team of hockey players , with one player taking a shot .
Hockey players with one taking a shot .
Six hockey players of the same team are skating around waiting for the puck .
There is an ice hockey game in progress .
A cheerleader in a red uniform poses in a parade .
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress .
A woman in red and white poses in a parade
A woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street .
a young girl wearing a colorful outfit dancing down the street in a performance .
A guy on a skateboard griding down a handrail .
A kid skateboards down a set of railings on a snowy day .
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps .
A snowboarder riding down a railing .
boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter
A man skiing down a hill .
A man skis down a snowy hill .
A person skis downhill .
a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain .
Closeup of a skier with his poles out wide to the side .
A person in a white coat and pink pants snowboards at the " snow park " .
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding .
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowbank in a snow park
A woman in white jacket snowboarding at a park .
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth on grass in front of a fence .
A brown and white dog runs beside a wooden fence with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is running by a wooden fence with a ball in its mouth .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance .
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain .
A man in a red coat skiing .
A man in red is skiing down a snow slope .
A man wearing a red coat is skiing in the snow .
A skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain .
A snow skier in a red top and black pants moving down a hill .
A man going down the hill in the snow
A person bicycling through deep snow .
A skier in a bright green jacket sliding downhill .
Person in green jacket and backpack biking through snow
The man wearing a green jacket is riding a bike through deep snow .
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .
A boy with a basketball .
A young boy playing basketball .
Boy with american flag shirt bounces basketball .
The boy dribbles the ball in the playground .
A boy in black pants and green t-shirt jumps high with his skateboard .
A guy on a skateboard , jumping off some steps .
A person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs .
a skateboarder in a green shirt is taking a jump of a step in front of a pink building .
He is in the air on his skateboard .
A person in a red jacket snowboarding .
A person wearing a red coat snowboards down a snowy hill .
a snowboarder in red rides down the slope .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is boarding down the snowy hill .
The snowboarder is wearing a red jacket and black helmet .
A woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing .
A woman in an orange dress is dancing with a man in a black suit .
A woman in bright orange dress dances with man
two dancers dance together .
Two people dance in costume .
A man is holding a treat up in the air and a dog is in midair trying to grab it while another dog watches .
A man is playing with two dogs in his yard .
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs .
The man holds up something in his hand to get the dogs to jump .
The man is playing in the yard with two dogs .
Bicycle racers being cheered on by some people .
Bicycle road racers passing a group of cheering spectators .
Crowds cheer on cyclists as they complete a race to the finish .
People on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers .
Racers on bikes riding past a crowd .
A boy in a headband plays drums .
A drummer is sitting behind a drum kit near to someone playing a guitar .
A man in a white headband plays the drums at a concert .
A man with a white headband playing drums .
The boy is playing drums .
A basketball player from one team making a rebound while three players oppose him .
A basketball player in orange has the ball while three others in blue and white defend .
Basketball player in orange trying to score through three men from the opposing team .
Four men are playing in a basketball game .
Three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange .
Four human figures are backlit by a sunset .
Four men with a sunset in background .
Four people and the sun .
four people are in silhouette whilst watching the sunset .
Four people watch the sunset .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
A person with a tattooed arm holds a frying pan over a mixing bowl .
Hands holding a frying pan .
The person with the tattoos is holding a dirty frying pan .
A far off view of a surfer and a person on a seedoo .
A man on a jet ski is watching a surfer ride the waves .
A person surfing a big wave .
A surfer catches a wave as a man on a jet ski looks on in case of an accident .
A surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave .
A black and white dog is running over grass .
A dog is running through the yard
A shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass .
The black and white dog is running on a green yard .
The black and white dog is running outdoors .
A man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles
a man and woman are riding scooters through a field of grass and clover .
Two adults - a male and a female - are standing on scooters in a field of yellow flowers .
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers .
Two people wearing helmets ride over the yellow and white flowers .
A boy playing on a chain at a beach
A child begins to climb over a chain with water on the other side .
A child crossing a chain fence to get to the water .
A child is climbing over a chain leading to open water .
A young boy on the beach by ropes .
A crowd scene in front of mosque .
A large group is shown in the street .
A lot of people are gathered around a mosque-like building .
Busy marketplace in an Arabian country .
There are a lot of people in front of a tan building with colorful squares hanging from the top .
a group enjoying a day at the park in their trekkies
A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .
Several children wearing red sweaters are riding tricycles in the park .
several people dressed alike are traveling down a curvy road on scooters .
The brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter .
A group of bike riders are riding on the street .
A group of bike riders with helmets riding on a street .
A group of people are riding bicycles through a marathon .
A man riding an unsual bike in a bike race .
Many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .
A girl waits outside a Domino 's Pizza
A girl wearing a hat near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A girl with a purple beanie sits and waits at Domino 's Pizza .
A little girl in a purple hat is starring .
The girl is standing outside and holding on to her necklace .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A boy in blue jeans runs on the track at the local school .
A boy in jeans runs on a track .
A boy runs on colorful lines .
A small boy running track
A girl asleep in a bus seat
A woman , curled up , sleeps in her seat on a bus .
A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus .
A young lady , asleep on a train .
The girl is sleeping in the seat .
A girl with a beanie stands in front of a window that reflects a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
A young woman in a knit cap smiles next to a sign for pizza .
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza .
The girl standing outside a pizza shop wearing a purple hat .
a lone snowboarder jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
A scene of snow and water .
A snowboarder jumping in the air off of snow .
A snowboarder is making a jump over a hillside with deep powder located in the woods .
A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill .
A bicycle racer in full helmet speeds through a dim forest .
A biker dressed in white rides through the forest .
A mountain biker wearing white races through a turn .
a person on a motorbike , riding through the woods
riding a bike through the woods
A dirt bike rider jumps into the air and does a trick .
A guy doing tricks on his motorcycle next to fireworks .
a lone motorcyclist jumping in midair with his legs in the air and sparks flying in the background
A motorcycle daredevil making a high jump .
A stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him
A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk .
A dog lies down on a cobblestone street .
A yellow dog is lying near where people are walking .
The dog is lying on the cobblestone street .
A child looks into a giant bubble .
A kid in yellow poking his face inside a bubble .
Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble .
a young boy sticking his head inside a huge bubble
Child in yellow shirt with head inside of a large bubble .
A young couple inspect merchandise from a street vendor .
People are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by .
Three people prepare a table full of food with a police car in the background .
two people look at a street vendor .
Two women and a man at a food counter in dim lights .
Two people sit on a dock near the water .
Two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset .
Two people sit on the end of a dock .
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
Two people sitting on a dock .
A person does a handstand with a snowboard on a yellow ramp .
A snowboarder doing a handstand on a ramp .
A snowboarder hangs upside down from his board during a maneuver in front of a crowd of people .
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators .
The snowboarder does a trick off of a yellow pyramid .
A group of men in white shirts and dark shorts are running on an athletic field .
A group of people in matching uniforms jogging around a track .
A group of soccer players run a lap .
A team of men jog around orange cones .
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field .
A crowd of people watching a snowboarder do tricks .
A crowd watching a skateboarder .
A skateboarder performs a trick in front of a large crowd .
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick .
The kid is showing off on his skateboard in front of a large crowd .
A boy chasing a yellow ball .
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
A little boy in a red striped shirt about to head a soccer ball .
A young boy is punching a yellow ball .
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball .
A barechested man surfs on a white surfboard .
A boy surfs .
A boy surfs on a wave .
A man jumps over a wave while riding a surfboard .
A person on a surfboard in the ocean .
A bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo .
A bull runs in an arena while people watch .
A man in a cowboy hat rides a bull at a rodeo .
Rodeo rider on charging bull .
The bull is running with a yellow fence behind him .
A speed boat jumps over waves in the water .
A speedboat rips through the water .
People in a boat floating above waves .
Someone is in a speed boat on the water .
Two people drive a small motor boat on choppy water .
A large white bird flying over water .
A stork flying low over the water .
A swan is flying above water .
a white crane flying through the air over some water .
A white heron flies into the sky .
A little girl in jeans runs across the green field .
A little girl runs across the grass toward the trees .
a young girl wearing a black shirt and blue jeans running through the grass .
Person in dark slacks and top walking towards wooded area .
The little girl in blue jeans is running on the grass .
a brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees .
A brown dog walking on a snowy surface near snow covered trees .
A dig is trekking through snow .
A tan dog is walking in the snow near snow covered trees .
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods .
a man dressed in purple playing guitar
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case playing a guitar .
A man in purple plays a guitar for money .
A man is standing on the street playing a guitar .
A man plays his guitar with the case open for donations .
A man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A man in a green shirt is climbing an obstacle course .
A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
A teenager climbs a rock wall .
Someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
Two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together .
Two wrestlers grab each other by the arms ; a referee is standing by in the background .
Two wrestlers grasp hands and put heads together .
Wrestlers about to start a match .
Wrestlers locked in competition
A biker riding in a forest .
A man in blue jumps his dirt bike in a misty forest .
A person with a helmet is jumping a bike over something in a wooded area .
Biker jumping off a ramp in the forest .
The person in the blue jacket is riding in the forest
A biker races .
A guy on a bmx bike .
A man rides a bike through a course .
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race .
The bike rider is wearing a silver helmet and red shirt .
A bunch of people playing soccer .
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms .
A soccer player jumping in air during a game .
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne .
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it .
A black dog with a red and white rope dog toy in its mouth , standing in front of a building .
A black poodle with a red rope toy in its mouth .
A black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth .
A black standard poodle is playing with a red and white toy outside .
Black poodle carrying red and white dog toy
A black dog circumvents a wooden fence in a snowy yard .
A black dog leaps through the snow near a fence .
A black dog running away from a wooden fence with snow on the ground .
A black dog running through the snow .
A black dog wearing a red collar is running through snow next to a wooden fence .
Children inspecting an iron structure .
Three boys inspecting a piece of metal outdoor furniture
Three children inspecting a patio table .
Three children playing with metal furniture .
Three small boys working on a piece of furniture on a deck .
A boy pauses in drawing on a white balloon to smile at the camera , and the girl next to him also smiles at the camera .
A brunette boy and girl smile for the camera while drawing faces on a white balloon .
A girl is smiling and a young man is drawing on a white balloon .
Two smiling people with dark hair .
Two young adults smile at the camera .
A little girl plays on a toy basketball game .
Man holding a beer throws a basketball where a little girl is playing .
The baby in the red outfit is sitting in the middle of a basketball arcade game .
The little girl is sitting under the basket while the man throws the ball .
There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler .
A boy is being splashed by a large wave in the sea .
Two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean
Two people are in the waves .
Two people in the surf as the wave covers them .
two people jumpinjg over a large wave at the beach
Two girls clasp hands and pose for a picture .
Two girls holding hands in orange clothes
Two girls wearing orange outfits hold hands and smile .
Two smiling girls that are holding hands .
Two women wearing orange dresses hold hands .
A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park .
A kid doing a ollie in a skate park .
a man is performing a jump on a skateboard in the park .
A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background .
A skateboarder is doing a trick on the pavement .
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking , surrounded by wilderness .
A group of 6 people are sitting in chairs with a mountain in the background .
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains .
Several people in lawn chairs talking outside .
Several people relax on a porch with a view of the mountains .
A woman in pink stands in between two women who are taking pictures of something off camera .
Three older women , two of which are taking pictures .
Three women tourists take pictures of an object .
Two ladies are taking pictures and one is watching .
Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches .
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud
Two people are going over a skii jump while one looks into the camera .
two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine .
Two skiers attempt tricks while a third poses behind their jump .
Two skiing people jumping a ramp and a man looking straight ahead .
A cowgirl corners a barrel riding a horse .
A woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo .
A woman wearing a cowboy hat and a pink shirt is ridding a horse in a competition .
Someone in a pink shirt is riding a brown horse in a rodeo .
The brown horse is next to a red barrel at the rodeo .
A group of people wearing costumes jump as they walk down the street .
A group of silk clad performers dance in the street as a sparse crowd watches .
People in a parade wearing multi-colored clothes and dancing .
Street dancers in blue and red pants .
Two women in motley high kick at a parade .
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk .
A guy on skateboard , doing a trick .
A man wearing a black shirt rides his skateboard along the top of a ledge .
A skateboarder in mid-jump .
The skateboarder does a trick near a construction site .
A person in a green jacket and yellow pants is on a snowboard coming down a roof into the snow .
A snowboarder goes up a ramp .
A snowboarder slides down the side of an A-frame house buried in snow .
Someone snowboards up the roof of a barn .
The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building .
A child dressed for the cold sits in the snow .
a child in red sits in the snow .
A little girl in a red snowsuit sits on a snowball in a backyard .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
The small girl in the Hello Kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball .
A man helping a boy ride a bicycle .
A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle .
A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle .
Man in yellow shirt holding bike while young boy sits on it
This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy .
A man in a purple had climbs a rocky wall with his hands .
A man with a purple hat is climbing a rock .
A man with a purple hat and bandaged hand climbs a wall of rock
A young man in a purple snow cap is rock climbing .
This young man is rock climbing
a man climbs a rock .
A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest .
A man scales a rock in the forest .
man climbing a rock
The man in the blue shirt climbs a large rock in a wooded area .
A man in a blue jacket is climbing on a rock in the woods .
A person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest .
A person is climbing a rock in a forest .
A rock climber in the forest .
A woman in blue is climbing up a big rock .
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
A poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth .
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth while running across flat land .
A white dog with curly hair runs on the sand with a stick .
A child goes skiing .
A young girl skiing alongside an adult
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult .
Man and child skiing .
The ski instructor is teaching the little girl how to bend her knees and stand on her ski 's .
A group of people gather under a screened in and roofed area .
A group of people sit on a bench , waiting for the bus .
People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo .
People sit on benches .
The people under the canopy are sitting on a bench ; the mother is taking a picture of a child with her cellphone .
A dog and a cow play in the fallen snow on a farm .
Black cow jumping a fence in the snow as a dog barks and another cow watches .
three dogs are running through the snow , one of them throwing up so much snow that he can hardly be seen .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Three dogs running towards a fence in the snow .
A beautiful white bird takes off in flight .
A bird descending from the sky
A bird with a white body and grey wings is landing on lake water .
A white and black bird stretches its wings in midair .
A white bird with its wings lifted up hovers over the water .
A man holds a sleeping baby with a yellow blanket .
A man in a black shirt and hat holding a sleeping baby with a yellow afghan .
A man in a hat sits on a sofa with an infant .
A man with glasses and a hat and a baby .
Man sits on sofa holding a sleeping baby wrapped in a blanket
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow .
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow .
A small child stands in the snow and smiles .
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow .
Smiling child standing in the snow .
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow .
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A black dog leaps in the air above the snow .
A dark dog jumps across the snow near the woods .
A black dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a huge puddle in the grass .
A black dog is splashing through soggy grass carrying a stick .
A black dog runs out of the water with a stick in its mouth .
dog running in water with stick in mouth
The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth .
A man sits by a red building while smoking .
a man sits on a red building smoking a cigarette and drinking .
A man wearing a jacket sitting and smoking a cigarette
A well-groomed young man wearing dark trousers and a military-style jacket takes a puff from a cigarette in his left hand while holding a cup in his right hand .
This man is smoking outside .
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field .
a black and brown dog runs .
A dog with no tail runs in the dirt .
a lone dog running in a dirty road
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A woman laughing and a man using a noise maker .
One girl about to blow on a streamer , while the other laughs .
One woman with blond hair smiles in the foreground while another prepares to blow a noisemaker in the background .
Two women sitting together .
Young girl blowing party popper with a laughing woman beside her .
A man falling over in an ocean wave
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .
A man is falling into waves .
a surfer falling of his board into a wave
A young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean .
A basketball player in black jumps , while another in white attempts to block .
one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball
Two basketball players fighting over the ball .
Two male basketball players are fighting over a basketball .
Two young men play basketball while crowd looks on
A little boy is jumping up and down .
A young boy jumping
A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house .
Boy in orange shirt and camouflage pants jumping up
Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool , indoors .
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio .
A little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on
Three little girls dressed in white , pink , and black are at a dance class
three young girls learn ballet .
Young girls are practicing dance .
A black dog in a red collar running in the snow .
A black dog with a red collar is running on the snow .
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .
A lack dog leaps in front of a tree branch in the snow .
Cute black doing playing in snow .
a lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp .
A man dressed all in black performs a trick on a rail while wearing inline skates .
An inline skater doing a jump on a ramp .
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp .
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp .
A bunch of dogs on a beach .
Several dogs are running on the beach .
Six dogs running on the sandy beach .
Six dogs walking beside the beach .
Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .
Dogs playing in the snow
Three dogs are in the snow .
Three dogs , one black and two blond , run in the snow .
three dogs race through the snow
Three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow .
A man kicks a soccer ball on a field .
A man wearing a blue shirt kicks a soccer ball along a green field .
a man wearing blue plays soccer .
A soccer player in a blue AIG shirt is kicking the ball .
Man in AIG t-shirt playing soccer .
A guy is watching another guy jump in the air while snowboarding .
A person in orange pants is doing tricks on a snowboard while a person in a yellow cap watches .
A person sits on a snowbank watching a snowboarder take a high leap .
A person watches as a snowboarder does a fancy trick in the air
Snowboarder performing a trick high in the air in a snowy area .
A basketball player aims for the goal .
A basketball player gets ready to shoot .
A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball .
A basketball player in white jumping to throw the ball , audience in the back .
There is a college basketball player shooting a jumped .
an older asian lady holding the hand of a little asian girl .
Asian woman holds little girl 's hand in park-like area , points off-camera .
A woman holding a little girls hand is pointing to something trying to show her .
A woman holds the hand of a small girl and points towards the bushes .
The woman is holding the girls hand near a bush .
A bird flies across the water .
a white bird flies over a lake .
A white bird grazes above the water .
A white crane flies over water .
The magnificant bird flies low over the water .
A dog is leaping over a tree stump .
A dog jumps off a tree stump .
a small brown and white dog jumping off of a tree stump
A white and brown dog , wearing a bandanna , jumps through the air .
A white dog is leaping over a tree stump .
A snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp .
A snowboarder jumps off a ramp .
Man on a snowboard performing a trick high in the air .
Person in a purple coat making a jump on a snowboard .
Snowboarder jumps off high ramp over icy landscape .
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
a yellow car driving through a lot of snow
A yellow car is drifting through snow .
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
A black dog clutches a pink purse in his teeth and runs .
A black dog is running on the grass with a pink purse in its mouth .
A brown dog retrieves a pink toy .
A little black dog is running in the grass with a pink purse in its mouth .
The wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles .
people are posing for a picture on a bunch of rocks near a shed
A group of friends sit on rocks and pose for a picture .
Five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed
Four women and one men sitting on some rocks , a wooden house to the left .
Friends sitting in the rocks for photo .
A couple standing under a sign .
A couple stands in front of a wooden sign on top of a hill .
Two people standing outside in front of a wooden marker .
Two people stand next to a wood cross on a grassy hill .
Two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross .
A black dog is playing in the snow .
A black dog jumping and playing in the snow near a chain link fence .
A black labradoodle digs in the snow next to a fence and a forest .
A black poodle is playing with the snow .
The black dog plays in the snow .
A black dog runs through the snow .
A black poodle frolics in the snow .
A black poodle is running in the snow .
A black poodle plays in the snow .
A black standard poodle running through the snow in a fenced-in yard .
A male soccer player wearing a red uniform jumping in the air and pulling up his shorts .
A soccer player pulls his shorts up .
A soccer player wearing a red costume makes an obscene gesture .
Man in red sports uniform and blue shoes jumping and pull up legs of shorts .
We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .
Two guitarists dressed in white perform .
Two guitar players dressed in white
Two men in white suits play the guitar on a stage .
Two men wearing all white kneel on the floor , palying guitar .
Two men wearing white suits play guitar onstage .
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure .
A group of children mostly wearing white uniform shirts sit and wait .
A group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class .
A large group of girls are all staring in the same direction .
The young girls are listening with books in front of them .
A woman in a white baseball hat reveals her tan line to her friend , who wears a sun hat
A woman in a white hat and a white t-shirt with a red basket woven purse is talking to a woman in a green shirt and red hat .
A young girl in a white hat with an older woman in a tan hat .
The Asian girl in white is standing next to the woman in green is carrying a basket .
Two women looking at the arm of the woman on the left .
two boys , one in yellow shorts and one in red shorts , are playing with body boards in the ocean .
Two children are practicing boogie boarding in the ocean .
Two children with wake-boards are standing in deep water .
Two young boys in the water with small surfboards .
Two young boys with boogie boards stand knee deep in water .
A man is snowboarding over a pipe .
A man snowboards over an upturned garbage can in the woods .
A person in a black jacket and light blue pants appears in the air with a custom snowboard .
A person riding a snowboard is in the air jumping over a trashcan on a snowmobile .
A snowboard jumps over an upturned garbage can .
One woman makes thread on a spindle while another woman braids a thirds hair .
Three people are setting inside a grass shelter .
Three women sit in a village .
Three women sit together near woven walls .
Two girls primping a third girl in village setting .
A bunch of people and some camels .
A group of men and some camels are in front of some water .
Men with camels gather on a beach .
People and camels at a beach .
People and camels sitting and standing on beach
A blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels .
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on .
A blonde girl surfing down a sandy hill
A woman is snowboarding down an incline while another woman stands behind .
a young person sliding down a sandy hill .
A lone snowboarder wearing a white jacket jumping into the air on the snowy mountains .
A snowboarder flies through the air in front of leafless trees .
a snowboarder gets some air .
A snowboarder in green pants and a white jacket is jumping high in the air .
Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air .
A skier is airborne with his skis crossed .
A skier performs a jumping trick on the slopes .
Man flying through the air on skis over a mountain .
The man is doing a jump while skiing .
There is a skier getting some air on the slopes .
The boys are playing with Legos .
Two blond boys play with Legos from a clear plastic bin with a sofa in the background .
Two boys play with Legos .
Two kids are playing with a box of Legos .
Two little boys are at a table with a box of Legos .
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him .
One dog carries a ball as it is being chased by two more dogs .
Three dogs play in the park with the brown dog getting the ball .
Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball .
Two large dogs chase after another dog that has a ball in his mouth and runs from them .
A man on a snowboard is grinding a ramp .
a skier on a snowy ski jump
A snowboarder is riding down a ramp amidst snow .
A snowboarder prepares to go over a ramp .
Snowboarding practice on a snowy hillside
A mother is holding her child on a train .
A person holding a baby points out the window at the camera .
A woman and baby are sitting in the window seat of a bus .
a woman holding a young baby inside the window of a train
Young family eating a snack , shown through a window .
A man in a black jacket is beside the window of a coffee shop looking down .
A man in a dark jacket looking down .
A man wearing a black jacket looking down .
A man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down .
An older man in a black jacket looking down .
A distorted picture of a guy on a motorbike in a forest
A guy on a bike in the forest .
A man on a motorcycle in the woods wearing a black helmet .
A mountain biker in the forest .
A mountain biker riding through a forest .
A cyclist in a midair jump .
A man on a bike in the air he is wearing a blue hsirt and a yellow and white helmet .
A person has ridden their bicycle into the air .
A person riding a bike jumps through the air high above a bumpy racetrack .
Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail .
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .
A dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth .
A dog is plling a very large branch out of the water .
A dog is walking through the water carrying a large stick in its mouth .
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water , with stick in mouth .
A black man in a blue shirt stands next to a black man in a red robe .
A man wearing a red cloth stands next to a man wearing a blue cloth .
Black men in poor neighborhood .
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop .
Two people , one in blue and one in red , stand in front of a building .
A line of bikers on a busy street
Busy street full of cars and bike riders .
Five people on bikes in traffic with man watching from the side of the road .
Group of cyclists spotted on an Asian highway .
Men in a bicycle race ride through the streets of China .
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
Two children are riding through snow on a sled-like frame .
Two children play on the road on a snowy day .
Two kids riding on sleds
two young children RIF=ding sleds down the snow .
A boy , bundled up , siting on a one person sleigh , in the snow .
A child in blue sitting on a sled in the snow .
A kid sits on a skiing device in the snow .
A small child is riding on a toboggan .
There is a child on a sled type machine , in the snow .
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods .
a dog takes a large stick in its mouth .
A small white dog pulls a large stick out of the water .
A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water .
The white dog is pulling a large stick .
A girl walks on a sidewalk while talking on a cellphone .
A woman walking while talking on the phone .
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cellphone .
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone .
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
A bird soars with wings spread .
A bird with blue and white feathers and a long pointy beak is flying through the air .
A long-beaked bird in mid-flight .
A white bird flies agains the backdrop of green foliage .
A white bird flying over trees
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .
Two boys , one black and one white , standing arm in arm .
Two boys put their arms around each other and pose .
Two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .
Two young boys with their arms around one another .
A fan sitting on someone 's shoulders is waving to a woman on a stage that says Amnesty International .
A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer onstage at a concert .
A woman onstage points to a man holding up his hand
A woman with a microphone on a stage points the microphone at a man who is standing in the audience in front of her
Woman onstage at Amnesty International event exchanges gestures with man offstage .
A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top .
Two bicyclists ride on a road near a green hilly area , one is blurry .
two bikers bike across the countryside .
Two people ride bike in countryside .
Two people , wearing long sleeves and helmets , ride bikes downhill .
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing .
A surfer is riding numerous waves .
A surfer on a roiling wave .
A surfer rides on a very rough wave .
Person surfing on a white surfboard .
A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on .
A man with an orange vest is shoveling rocks .
A man with a yellow vest shovels rocks while another man watches .
One construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches .
The man , wearing a worker 's vest , is shoveling rocks .
A man with a white guitar plays with another in a striped shirt .
One guy sings while another plays guitar .
Two men are playing in a band .
two men performing each playing guitars while one is singing
Two young men are playing guitars in the corner of a room .
A man in a purple shirt sits with a woman on the subway and smiles .
An oriental man and woman are sitting in a subway train .
Three commuters sit on a train .
Three people are sitting on a subway car .
Two guys are sitting and a lady is sleeping .
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster .
A man is lighting a smoke outside of a building .
a man lighting a cigarette near a dumpster in an ally .
A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster .
The man is lighting a cigarette outside the back of a building .
A dog runs along a beach near the waves .
A white and brown dog runs along the shoreline .
A white and tan dog is running on a beach .
A white dog is running on wet rocks .
A white dog running along side a river
A five man band is rehearsing .
A group of kids sat around and played their instruments .
A group of men in a darkened room , playing musical instruments .
Band practice is cramped quarters .
Several men are gathered around musical instruments and a microphone .
A black and white dog is performing tricks on a course .
A border collie runs by a course with a ball in its mouth .
A dog is running an obstacle course while a man in blue stands behind .
A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course .
There is a black and white dog running on a mat with a man in a blue shirt watching .
A man in a costume poses with two young boys .
Two boys are posing along with an adult in a ninja-like costume
Two boys pose with an action hero .
Two young boys are posing for a picture with a character from the Power Rangers .
Two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a Power Ranger .
The dogs are running through the water
three black and white dogs running through a watery field .
Three dogs running through a puddle .
Three dogs run through a soggy field .
Three dogs run through water and grass .
A dog in a field .
A large brown dog is playing in the dirt and grass .
A tiger striped dog stands in a weird position and looks to the side .
Dog looks toward a shadow
The dog is in the yard .
A man in a wet-suit is suspended from a para-surfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board .
a man is wakeboarding in a lake
A man kite surfing creates a wave .
A man wakeboarding
The man is parasailing and doing a trick .
A group of people on skis with two dogs .
A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog .
Four people holding each others shoulders with a brown dog in front of them , standing on snow .
People dressed in costumes are on skis .
People , some dressed in costumes , and dogs on a snowy mountain .
A child in the snow .
A child walking in the snow .
A person with a blue hat stands in trails in the snow .
A young boy walks across tracks in the snow .
The child is wearing a blue hat and green jacket while walking through snow .
A baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines .
A baseball player is following through with an action nearby a teammate .
A baseball player strains to throw a ball .
A yougn boy in a blue and white baseball uniform throwing a baseball while tucking his glove close to his body .
The baseball player wearing blue is throwing the ball .
A wet dog running in a dry field .
Black and white dog running outside .
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land .
The dog is running with his tongue hanging out of his mouth .
The white and black dog is running through a field .
A man drives a motorbike while another man falls off of it and into the mud .
A motocross bike and sidecar team are riding around a bend on a muddy circuit .
The man falls out of the sidecar into a puddle during the race .
Two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle .
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .
A man in a green-glow vest is standing next to an orange advertising sign .
A man in a security vest stands by a sign .
a man in a yellow hi-viz jacket is standing beside and orange sign .
A security guard points at a sign .
A security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement .
A bird is flapping its wings on the water .
A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water .
A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water .
Duck flapping wings .
Mallard duck swimming out in the water .
A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing .
A woman , in a blue and black wetsuit , is water boarding .
a woman surfer on a white surfboard riding a large wave
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .
A young woman is waterskiing
Brown dog and two black dogs have three-way tug on red object , outdoors .
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house .
Three large dogs , one brown and the others black , tussle over a red toy in the grass outside a building .
two black dogs and a brown dog are tugging at a red object with their mouths .
Two black dogs are tugging on a red toy that is in a brown dog 's mouth .
A grey haired in a wetsuit poised in the water .
A group of surfers in wetsuits are trying to catch a wave .
A man is running through the water alongside others doing the same .
A wave crashing through a group of people wearing wetsuits and goggles .
The swimmers are getting ready to race wearing black swimmers .
A female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match .
A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball .
Children play football .
Young people are engaged in a game .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
A group of dressed-up people talking .
a group of five young people all dressed in black in a dimlight room
A total of five people in black clothes are having conversations in a plain white room .
Three men and two women talking .
Two groups of people dressed in black clothes and with brown hair , except for one blonde woman , hold separate conversations .
A small girl in yellow slides down an orange slide .
A young girl dressed in yellow sliding down a curvy , red slide at a playground .
A young girl on an orange slide
A young girl sliding down an orange slide
Little girl sliding down an orange playground slide .
A busy plaza with several people having conversations .
A crowd of people stand talking in a business district .
A group of people in winter coats stand in front of a large building .
A small group of people is chatting in a city plaza .
A street scene with people of many ages and backgrounds .
A dog eats peanut butter out of a jar .
A dog is eating peanut butter out of a jar .
a dog licks the peanut butter jar .
A small white and tan dog licking up peanut butter .
The dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar .
A boy is doing a skateboard trick outdoors .
A man wearing a red shirt , hat and brown pants is on a skateboard going down a ramp .
A skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope .
a skateboarder jumps over a highway guard rail .
Skateboarder jumping over a fence .
A woman shows off a newborn baby to a young boy and girl .
a woman holding a baby with two children around her
Two children and an adult admire a newborn baby held by the adult .
Two women , a little boy , and a baby .
Woman holding baby and young girl and boy look on .
A group of people posing for a picture .
A man flirts with a woman in a white tank top .
A woman in shorts and a white top is taking a picture with a digital camera as a young man watches .
Pleople at a party , their backs to the camera .
The man and woman are talking outside at night .
A man and another person in shadow watch a street parade at night .
A man sits while in the distance other men are shirtless wearing kilts .
A man watching something that other people are doing .
The man is standing on the sidelines looking at people holding blue signs .
Two people watching the crowd in front of them .
A group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other .
A group of people at an art show of photographs
A group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall .
People are gathered around and there are some photographs on the wall .
Several people are standing in front of a white wall with pictures on it .
a black and brown dog digging through the snow .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog is rubbing its face in the snow .
A large black dog rubs its face in the snow .
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs .
Two dogs jump on each other in the snow .
Two dogs play and appear to be hugging in the snow .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area .
Lambs on a grassy hill .
There are three lambs : one white , one black , and one spotted .
Three lambs are in a field .
Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill .
Young sheep in the grass .
A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .
A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow .
A dog plays in the snow .
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow .
A brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth .
A brown dog in the snow holding a pink hat .
A brown dog is holding a pink shirt in the snow .
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow .
A dog with something pink in its mouth is looking forward .
A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city .
A man on a bicycle sits at a stop light with headphones on .
A man riding a blue bicycle on a main road stops at a stoplight .
Man with sunglasses and headphones riding a bike .
The man is riding his bike and listening to music .
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water .
A person wakeboarding in the water .
A wakeboarder .
The man riding a board on calm waters is silhouetted by the sunlight .
There is a man surfing at night .
A woman in a red coat with a man in a white and black coat and a black dog in the snow .
Two people and a dog are in the snow .
Two people are interacting with a dog that has bitten an object one of them is holding .
Two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog .
Two people playing on a snowy hill .
A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt .
Three people , wearing parachutes , are free-falling together through the sky .
Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds .
Trio of skydivers holding hands in sky .
Two people are parachuting over white clouds .
A brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock .
A dog has waded through shallow water to reach a rock outcropping .
A light brown dog is splashing in the water with its paw .
A small brown dog is about ready to exit the water after a swim .
A yellow dog in shallow water .
A baseball player swings at a baseball .
A batter prepares to swing at a ball .
Ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball .
Catcher crouches behind baseball hitter .
The man in the dark blue jersey is holding a bat , and the catcher is holding his mitt out .
A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her .
A woman and child sit on a bench in a yard covered with fallen leaves .
A woman in a red shirt and bandanna and a girl in a blue shirt are sitting on a large swing in front of a house
The mother and child have a personal moment in the yard .
Womand and girl sitting on a wooden swing
A woman in purple is on a purple bike wearing a blue and red helmet .
A woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline .
a woman wearing purple on a purple bike doing a trick on a ramp
The helmeted girl perches on a bike .
The woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle .
A black dog carries a tree branch through the woods .
A black dog holding a small branch .
A brown and black dog carries a precariously long stick in his mouth in the wooded area .
A dog carries a large stick .
A rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods .
A man is sitting atop a mountain and looking down over a green valley .
A man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below .
A man sits on a cliff edge while looking out on the hills .
A man sits on a hill overlooking the coutryside .
A man sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking a deep valley .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill .
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley .
A child in a tie dye shirt and one in a white shirt are on a climbing wall .
A child in a Tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child .
The children take a crack at rock climbing .
Two children climbing a rock climbing wall .
Two kids climb a rock wall .
Boys wearing hats play in a soccer game .
Soccer competition , with two boys in red and one in blue
two children are playing soccer
Two kids in red jerseys are playing soccer .
Two uniformed boys play soccer .
A few people sitting at the bottom of a grassy hill .
A group of people rest near a hill and cliff .
a group of people sitting on the side of a huge grassy mountain .
A group of people sitting on top of a hillside .
The green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down .
A brown dog is lowering his head near a smaller white dog outdoors .
A small white dog and a large brown dog .
Small and Large dog playing in the field .
The small dog teases the large dog in the field .
Two dogs .
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting .
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn .
A person skiing down a snowy hill .
A person wearing blue , white , and red gear skiing down a steep slope .
A skier making a sharp turn on a slope .
The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom
A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick .
A shirtless man rides a skateboard .
A shirtless man skateboarding with his arms in the air .
A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .
The skateboarder enjoys night skating at the skate park .
a young girl jumping out of the water at a pool
A young girl whips her hair over her head in a public pool
Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head .
Girl slinging water out of hair while in a pool .
Little girl in watermelon swimsuit , emerges from pool and flips wet hair .
A man wearing a gray swimsuit stands in the water amidst white waves .
A surfer stands in a crashing wave .
a surfer surfs .
A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him .
Young man with black shorts jumping in the ocean waves .
A goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie ready for the puck .
A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
A person guarding a hockey goal .
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
A group of people dressed up colorfully .
A group of people stand while wearing bright and colorful costumes .
Four people are standing in front of a white building wearing colorful costumes .
People dressed in colorful Mardis Gras outfits pose very suggestively for the camera .
People in colorful costumes and masks .
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts .
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts .
People in costumes are walking around in the street .
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk .
Two people in lavish costumes standing on the street .
A bare-chested man launches his skateboard off a ramp .
A skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on .
A skateboarder doing a trick on a handrail .
a skateboarder grinds the rail .
Teen does trick on skateboard while riding the rail .
A person wearing protective gear on a snowboard in the air above snow .
A snowboarder doing a jump on a K2 snowboard .
A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run .
a snow-boarder is performing a jump whilst riding on a pink snowboard .
A snowboarder makes a jump and does a trick with his pink , blue & black board .
A goalie blocks the puck while holding a white hockey stick .
A hockey goalie crouches on the ice .
A hockey goalie in a game on the ice .
A hockey player tries to block the puck from the goal .
Hockey goalie on his knees looking down
A bicycler does tricks under an overpass .
A bmx jumping into a drainage area .
A boy on a bike does a stunt on a ramp filled with graffiti .
A boy on a bike is doing a stunt high in the air .
A stunt bicycle rider performs under an overpass covered in graffiti .
A basketball player for Miami U. pushes forward .
A basketball player runs while another tries to block him .
A basketball player runs while dribbling the ball .
Referee blows whistle as basketball player attempts to block another with the ball .
The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand .
A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game .
A basketball player wearing a white uniform is dribbling the ball on the court .
A man wearing a white uniform dribbles the basketball during a game .
A professional basketball player dribbles the ball around the opposing player .
Basketball player pushes away opponent
A biker gets high in the air against a skyline .
A boy wearing a white helmet jumping on his bike .
a cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in front of a city skyline .
A man is in the air on his bicycle .
A person doing a bicycle jump , a skyline in the background .
An artist painting on a small canvas
A woman standing on a lawn painting a picture .
A woman wearing overalls standing at an easel painting a picture .
Girl in blue coverall painting
The lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist 's easel .
A basketball player attempting to control the ball near the basket rim .
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team .
A basketball player is scoring a basket .
Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game .
two teams playing basketball on a court in a stadium .
A man is standing on a sidewalk in the background with a blurry image of another man in the foreground .
A man stands at a busy bus stop .
a man stands next to a bus .
People in the city .
People walking down the street and past an open bus .
A band , wearing matching shirts , is playing music with a brick wall behind them .
A group of men sing and play instruments .
Band plays in tight quarters .
Four band members singing and playing .
Several men dressed in back jumpsuites sing and play instruments .
A hockey player during a game .
A hockey player in helmet .
A hockey player looks intently downward .
There is a hockey player in the middle of a game .
This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet .
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
A man playing tennis .
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball .
The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet .
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him .
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
A skateboarder does a trick off a wooden ramp as spectators watch .
A skateboarder performs while others watch nearby .
The skateboarder is taking a jump .
A child is wearing a blue hat and snowsuit with red skis on their feet .
A child skis across the snowy ground .
A small child in a blue hat and coat skis on the snow .
a young skier looks at the camera .
There is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow .
A woman , covered in a red and blue shawl , smoking a cigarette , eyes closed .
A woman with a black sweatband is wrapped in a blue , red and yellow blanket and is smoking .
A woman with a headband wearing a blue , yellow and red hooded jacket .
The woman with a colorful blanket is smoking a pipe .
The woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense .
A girl is standing on a graffiti covered stone with something in her mouth .
A girl is standing on a painted slab of cement and twisting her body to look up at the camera .
A girl poses for the camera , with her mouth open and a yellow stick coming out of it .
A girl stands on a graffitied wall , her head skewed sideways .
The girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right .
A boy playing basketball , trying to block a shot .
One basketball player in a white uniform jumps up to block another player in a blue uniform with the ball .
The boy in blue has the ball , and the boy in white is airborne .
The boys play basketball .
The opposing basketball players are making a play with an audience nearby .
A male on Rollerblades skating down a railing next to stairs .
A man is rollerblading down a white railing beside a red brick building .
A man is skating down a rail above some steps .
A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp .
An in-line skater grinding on a rail .
A boy wearing mirror sunglasses .
A boy wears sunglasses .
A chubby faced boy with sunglasses .
A little boy with his sunglasses on .
Young boy wearing sunglasses , and a brown shirt with black swirls .
A black dog is chasing a tan and white dog on a sunny day .
A black dog is running behind a brown and white dog across a low cut field .
A brown and white dog runs through the grass chased by a black dog .
Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field .
two dogs running in grassy area
A bicyclist in blue goes up a hill by the woods .
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
A woman rides her bike up a hill near the woods .
A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path .
A woman mountain biker with a backpack bikes up a hill .
A black and tan dog running in a field
a brown and black dog running through a large grassy field .
A dog gets ready to catch something in the grass .
A tan and black dog runs over a green field with its mouth open .
The tan and black dog is running across the grass .
Two asian men walking down the street holding red bags .
Two Asian men walking with red bags
Two men are carrying red bags on the street beside a white metal fence .
Two men walking by a fence holding red shopping bags .
Two men walk together outdoors carrying red bags from a store .
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water , on grass .
The two children are being sprayed by water
Two children playing in a spray of water .
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water .
A dark-haired man in a red t-shirt , with a beard , playing the guitar in a park .
A man in a red shirt plays guitar in a park .
A man is sitting and playing guitar on the grass .
a man sitting in the grass , playing his guitar , wearing a red shirt
a man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass .
A group of children wearing blue and yellow uniforms put their hangs together .
A soccer team with blue jerseys is huddled together with their hands touching above their heads .
A young flag football team are huddled together .
Boys huddle during a soccer game .
Soccer players in blue before a game .
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick .
A dirt biker who is sideways in the air having come off of a dirt jump .
A motorbiker racer performs an aerial stunt as he flies over a dirt hill in the woods .
A person on a dirt bike doing a trick over a hill .
A person on a dirt bike soaring through the air sideways .
Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees .
two asian girls with long bangs covering their eyes
Two Asian women dressed in black .
Two girls in black dresses .
Two girls in black dresses are standing next to each other in front of browm trees .
A boy in a black cap break dancing
A young adult dances on his hand .
Guy break dancing on brick floor in front of students ' union .
One man watches while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .
The male teenager is break dancing on the red and black tiled floor .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
The dog with the red collar is bearing its teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs .
Two dogs , one with mouth open .
A helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder balancing on a wall
A snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
A man in a swimsuit walks on a tightrope .
Man falling off a tightrope
The men are walking barefoot on a tightrope .
Two students try to walk a tightrope on a campus quad , but one falls off .
Young people practice walking on the high wire .
A boy jumps off of an open air staircase .
A person jumping off of an outdoor staircase .
A person jumping step railing .
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing .
The young man wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue jeans is hopping over the railing on the fence .
Girls huddle in field of plants , one holding leaf bundle .
The two asian girls smile at the camera in the field of yellow flowers .
Twho girls pose behind yellow wildflowers .
Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field .
Two young ladies are sitting in some yellow flowers and smiling .
A guy gettin some air on a skateboard
A man rides a skateboard up a sloped concrete surface and into the air .
A skateboarder flies through the air by the side of the road .
A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp .
a skateboarder jumping on a wall with a mountain in the background
A skier in yellow pants goes down a slope .
A skier swishing down a mountain trail .
A skier wearing bright yellow pants is skiing down a snowy mountain .
Person in black jacket and green pants skiing downhill
Someone skiing down an empty mountain .
Two girls are riding camels while another girl looks at them .
Two girls on camels
Two people each riding a camel with one person with back to camera in front .
Two women ride camels , while a third watches .
Two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches .
A boy and a girl ride on two seperate camels .
Two females ride camels backs .
two girls ride camels .
Two kids are riding camels nearby rural structures overlooked by mountains .
Two kids on camel back in desert
A boy in a dusty alley playing stickball .
A boy swings a piece of wood .
A child swings a bat next to a stone wall .
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street .
A girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall .
A girl on a skateboard is riding on a cement ledge next to a fence .
A girl 's hair flips up while she rides down the stairs on a skateboard .
A girl with her hair flying up from her head poses on a skateboard
A skateboarder 's hair flies through the air .
A group of boys playing street soccer .
A group of young kids watch a group of older kids play soccer on a city street .
Children play soccer on a narrow city street .
Kids outside on the street playing soccer .
The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street .
A white dog carries a bottle in its mouth through the snow .
A white dog carries a soda bottle on the snowy ground .
A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth .
A white dog runs through the snow with a Mountain-Dew bottle .
The white dog is drinking mountain dew in the snow .
Lots of people are playing in the river that runs through the city and in the sandy park beside it .
Lots of people play in the water at the beach .
Many people are on the beach next to palm trees .
Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves .
People on a beach .
people are walking in an industrial area
An ant 's-eye-view of people walking along a street
Many people are walking in the city near tall buildings .
several people walking on a busy sidewalk
The feet of a group of pedestrians in an urban area .
A man in a grey winter hat and purple sweatshirt skateboarding .
A man Rollerblades on a skate course .
An inline skater wearing a purple jacket is performing a trick on a ramp .
guy rollerskating on skate ramp
Man with purple sweater at the top of a skateboard ramp .
A crowd of women and children looking at the photographer .
A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes .
A group of colorfully clothed people are sitting in a market .
Numerous African Americans wearing various types of clothing .
People from an African village are sitting on the ground .
A group of dark skinned children are sitting beside a red metal container .
A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster .
a group of people sitting outside in the dirt on the ground .
A large group of people sitting near a shipping container .
Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground .
A boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach .
A child in a red shirt is using a black wakeboard to splash over a beach wave .
A kid with read hair boy boarding in the ocean
A young boy with a red shirt surfing on a black surfboard .
A young child wearing a red t-shirt rides a surfboard over a wave .
A climber on a snowy mountain
A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside .
A man climbs a snowy mountain .
A mountain climber with a yellow backpack is walking on the side of a mountain .
A person cycling through snowy mountains .
Two bandmates in white play guitar .
Two men are playing guitars together
Two men in white play guitars .
Two men in white suits are playing electric guitars .
Two musicians in white suits play guitars while surrounded by associated gear and a red curtain .
A person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow .
A skier flies over a cliff .
A skier wearing red flies off the edge of a snow covered rock .
A snowboarder clears the air over a snow-covered cliff .
This person is snowboarding off a hill .
a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background
An Afican American woman standing behind two small African American children .
An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder .
A woman and two children pose for a picture under some rocks .
A woman in purple with two children in the mouth of a cave .
A group of people on the slopes , a person is skating boarding , and a bunch of people are surrounding him .
Airborne snowboarder in front of a crowd .
A snowboarder in the air as others watch .
a snowboarder jumps high .
A snowboarder jumps while spectators watch .
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park .
a young boy is rollerblading across a wide open space .
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park .
A young inline skater balances with outstretched arms as he skates over the pavement .
A young inline skater takes a spin in the skate park .
A boy doing a skateboard trick
A skateboarder is balancing on a wall while a group of other boys watch .
A skateboarder on a ramp , doing a trick .
The boy is performing a trick on a skateboard .
The skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background .
A group of men are standing on a desert road whilst one man hands a blue box to another .
A man handing a box to a group of men .
A man is handing a box to another man in a group .
A man wearing a backwards blue cap hands something to one man in a line of men .
Older black man handing small blue object to group of younger black men , outdoors .
African American men receiving plates of food out of a window .
A group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window .
A man wearing a red striped shirt reaches for a plate of food while others wait .
Five men are getting plates of rice from a small home restaurant
People in line for plates of rice .
A boy and a girl are riding on a camel in the sand on the beach .
A woman and child riding camels near the ocean .
Children riding on a camel by a body of water .
Two girls ride on the hump of a camel .
Two young girls ride a camel near water .
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road .
A man in black carrying an orange backpack stands next to a red backpack that is laying in the snow .
A man stands at dusk on an almost-pristine , snowy road , lit only by headlights .
A person stands in the snow at the edge of a mountain .
A traveler on a snowy road
a girl and a woman ride a camel .
People ride two camels at the beach .
Two camels are walking along the beach carrying two girls .
Two children , sitting on the backs of camels , near the ocean .
Two people are seated on a camel while another camel is in the foreground .
Two blonde female wrestlers in the ring .
Two female professional wrestlers are in a ring in the air and about to hit the floor .
Two female wrestlers with long , blonde hair , fighting in front of a crowd .
Two women wrestle in front of a crowd .
Two women wrestling in an arena .
A boy looks up into a woman 's face .
A child embraces its mother 's red coat .
A child puts his hands to the belly of a woman in a red coat .
A young boy is touching the stomach of a pregnant woman .
The woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket .
A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera .
A man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists
a man and woman hug .
A man in a green Celtics hat and a woman wearing a black sweater display identical tattoos on their right wrists .
There is a man and woman holding up their arms and showing their heart tattoos .
Men stand on horses .
One man in blue tunic and one man in yellow tunic standing on the backs of three horses .
two guy standing on horses , while a crowd watches
Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air .
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade .
A small dog walks with men in the city .
some people waiting to cross a busy street in Portland Oregon .
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .
Three guys are waiting to cross the street . One has a dog .
Three people wait to cross a city street and one has a dog on a leash .
A skier doing a flip in a wooded area .
A skier on red skis is flipping upside down between two trees .
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape .
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle .
A motorcyclist in yellow .
A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike .
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road .
A yellow motorcycle is being ridden on a racetrack .
a bunch of people drinking at a bar in a club .
A man is smiling with one hand on his forehead at a crowded bar .
A man wearing a black jacket and white shirt is talking to a woman at a bar .
The people are gathered at a bar .
Various people are talking together at a bar .
A man doing a wheelie on a dirt bike .
a man in a blue jumpsuit popping a wheelie on a motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt .
A motorcyclist " pops a wheelie " in a grassy field framed by rolling hills .
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle in mostly barren ground
A brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow .
a brown and white dog growling in the snow
A mean looking dog is in the snow and showing his teeth .
A tan a white dog bears its teeth in the snow
The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .
A black-striped cat is looking at a cord it has pinned with a paw .
A cat licks itself on a tile floor .
A striped cat is on the pathway .
A tabby cat licking its left front leg .
Closeup image of a cat licking his front leg .
A bunch of people walking down the street .
Adults and children dressed for cold weather in a road race .
A group of people run down a city street .
Many people are jogging along the street by a green fence .
Many people run in a race on a street .
A person is holding a camera while a skier does a trick .
A skier doing a trick by a snow mound while a man films it with a camera .
a skier is being filmed by a man with video camera on a jib .
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
Two dogs and a truck .
Two dogs on their hind legs interlocking their front legs .
Two dogs play on the grass .
Two dogs , the white one standing on a Frisbee , playing together on grass .
Two furry tri-colored dogs playing in the grass .
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs , one holding something in its mouth , in the snow .
Two dogs on the beach .
Two dogs walk in the snow , the larger dog has a fish in his mouth .
A goalie tries to block the puck in a hockey game .
A hockey goalie stops the puck .
People playing hockey .
Several hockey players move toward the puck next to a goal .
Two hockey teams compete .
A dog runs in the snow .
An off-white dog has his mouth open as he bounds through the fenced-in snowy area .
A white dog runs past a fence on a snowy day .
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow .
A white poodle is running in the snow , near a chain link fence .
a lone skier skiing through the snow .
A man in a red jacket is skiing .
A man skiing wearing goggles .
A skier races down a mountain in an orange jacket .
A skier in a red coat going down a hill .
A boy in a blue and white tie dye t-shirt is skateboarding on the railing of a building .
A boy in a tie dyed shirt is riding a skateboard down a railing .
A kid is skateboarding on a handrail .
A skateboarder goes down a stair railing .
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building .
A bike rider in the air with the sky as background .
A boy jumps on his bike .
A kid riding a bike jumps up and does a trick in midair .
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun .
The person is doing a trick on a bike at dusk .
A bicyclist is in midair on a cloudy day .
A man on a bicycle , airborne .
A man on a bike in midair
A man on a bike in midair
A person on a bmx bike .
A fluffy dog holds a stick in its mouth on a beach .
a small white dog catching a stick on the shore at the beach .
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean .
A white dog is running along a beach with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .
An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick .
an asian woman holds her fur scarf .
Asian woman in traditional dress and white fur collar
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is looking down while inside a crowd of people .
Girl wears white feather boa and kimono .
A blue boat with a yellow canopy is floating on calm waters .
A boat in the water .
A boat with a roof on green water .
The boat is in the middle of the water .
The solitude boat floats on the lake .
A man and a woman watch two dogs .
One huge dog and one little dog are on a path with a tall man and shorter woman .
Two dogs and two people in the woods .
Two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind .
Two women with their dogs on a forest path .
A girl in a white and pink sweater is looking up through tree branches .
A little girl with black hair pokes her head through tree branches .
An Asian little girl hugs two tree branches .
A young asian girl stands between two tree trunks .
Small girl wearing a white sweater standing between branches of a tree with green leaves .
A Japanese man and woman are walking past a green car .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt in front of a sign written in an Asian language .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white shirt smile while walking next to cars .
An oriental man and woman walk smiling past signs and automobiles
Asian couple walking on sidewalk and smiling
Cyclists are leaping into the air whilst being watched by spectators .
Three dirt bike racers head over a jump .
Three men form an arch during a BMX bike race sponsored by Coca-Cola .
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .
Three riders wearing black jerseys jump their BMX bikes into the air .
A brown dog on the sand .
A brown dog plays in the sand near a man in a green cap .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch something .
A dog is jumping up for the ball while playing catch in the sand .
A dog playing ball in the sand .
A man with a blue shirt posing with a taller man in sunglasses
A man with glasses and a blue and black striped shirt and another man wearing a brown jacket pose for a picture .
One man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city .
Two men are standing on a street surrounded by buildings .
Two men wearing eyeglasses standing together .
A man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward .
A man standing at the door of a vehicle , with another sitting , glancing out the window .
People ride a bus or trolley .
some people riding an old bus
Three passengers on a train car .
A snowboarder clothed in red is in the middle of a jump from a snowy hill .
A snowboarder in midair
A snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air .
A snowboarder soars through the air .
The snowboarder is in the air .
A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people .
Dogs and their masters gather on a dirt trail .
Several brown dogs of different sizes gather together .
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby .
Three women are standing among a group of brown dogs .
A black sheep with three white dogs .
four white dogs are standing beside a black sheep .
The white dogs look curiously at the black llama .
Three white dogs are near a black llama .
White dogs stand near a sheep or llama .
A brown and white dog is running .
A brown and white dog is running through dead grass .
a brown and white dog with his tongue sticking out jumping on some grass
A dog and a ball .
A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair .
A group of 5 people making different expressions .
five teenagers cheering in a living room
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate .
Three boy teenagers and two female teenagers are making excited facial expressions .
Three guys and two girls are watching something and getting excited .
A man and woman are standing outside a store .
The man and woman are wearing kimonos and are standing in a store .
There are two oriental people in robes standing next to some shelves .
Two people are standing inside of a market .
Two people talking wearing kimonos in the middle of a shopping area .
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .
Two girls pet a small kangaroo in a grassy field .
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo .
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park .
Two women pet a kangaroo in a park .
A group of dogs are playing together in snow .
A pack of dogs playing in the snow .
Four dogs are playing on a field covered in snow .
Two black and two white dogs are playing in the snow .
Two black dogs and 2 white dogs interact with one another in a snowy field .
A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick .
a person snowboarding over a large hump with onlookers in front of him
People are watching a snowboarder perform a trick in the air .
Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump .
Spectators watch a snowboarder in mid-flight amid a snowy landscape .
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk .
a girl doing a cartwheel in front of a crowd
A woman is doing a backwards flip in front of a crowd of other people sitting on the sidewalk .
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd .
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched .
A person jumping on their snowboard .
A snowboarder in black and yellow is jumping on a purple snowboard .
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .
Snowboarder in yellow pants and white helmet in midair .
Snowboarder holding onto board while in midair .
A man skis while wearing a parachute .
A parachute skier lifting off from the ground .
A person attached to a parasail and wearing equipment on his feet is suspended in midair over a snowy landscape , while silhouetted against a sunny , blue sky .
A person gliding on a parachute in the air .
They are gliding through the air , backed by a low sun .
A group of people are standing in front of some stores .
People stand on a sidewalk outside of retail stores .
People walking or talking on a city street .
Several people in front of stores .
Two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store .
A dancing girl performs a high kick in a parade .
A girl in a black t-shirt doing a jump while other girls walk behind her during a parade .
A woman jumps in the air as others walk behind her in the street .
Girl kicking in midair surrounded by onlookers
The young dancer marches in the parade .
A boy jumps high on his skateboard .
A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail .
A skateboarder rides the rails .
Man skateboarding
Tbe boy in the black t-shirt is jumping his skateboard over a railing near a path .
Dirtbikers race on a muddy track .
Two BMX bikers on a muddy course .
Two boys riding their dirt bikes in the mud .
two dirt bike riders ride their dirt bikes .
Two people riding dirt bikes on a bike trail .
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt .
A soccer player in black shorts is jumping into the air .
The person in the red and black uniform has a ball above her head .
A black and white bird getting ready to land on the water .
A large bird flaps its wings above the water .
A long legged white bird is landing in the water .
Bird hovers above water .
White bird with red eyes gets ready for a landing .
A dog carrying a stick in its mouth runs through a snow-covered field .
A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth .
A dog runs through the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a stick through snow .
A large brown and white dog is carrying a stick through a white and snowy area .
A brown and white dog is running up a grassy hill .
A dog is running up a grassy hill .
A dog on a grassy hill .
A dog running uphill
a white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill .
A bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch .
a biker jumps over a pile of dirt .
A man in blue jeans is jumping a bike over hills of dirt .
A man jumps off a ramp on his bike .
A man rides a bicycle over a dirt ramp .
A young girl in jeans is standing on a tree limb posing for the camera .
A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree .
girl posing on tree
There is a young girl in jeans and a striped shirt standing on a tree branch .
The young girl is standing in a tree .
A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky .
A brown dog runs on brown grass .
A golden colored dug prances in the grass .
The brown dog is playing outdoors .
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area .
A man in a burnt red shirt carrying a shoulder bag walking along a city street .
A man in a red t-shirt , gray hair stand with a black backpack over his shoulder .
A man wearing a red shirt looks to the left while standing in a city .
Man carrying his shoulder bag walking down the street .
The man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets .
two dancers each wearing black outfits with battons in midair
Two girls in black toss their guns in the air .
Twome women in black jumpsuits throw objects in the air in sync .
Two women in black outfits and barefoot are looking up .
Two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air .
A girl bends over backwards in the tall grass .
A girl does a back bend in a field .
A girl doing a back bend .
a little girl doing a back bend on a grassy field
A young girl does a back hand spring in tall grass .
A black dog fetches a large stick out of the water .
A black dog is juming into the water and catches a stick in its mouth .
A black dog rears out of a pond , carrying a big stick in his mouth .
A black dog runs through the water carrying a stick .
Dog fetching a stick in the lake .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
A dog runs on the beach .
Black and white dog on wet sand .
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand .
This large black and white dog is running on the sand .
a soccer player kicking a goal in
A soccer player kicks a ball into the unmanned goal .
A soccer player prepares to kick the ball .
Man in red , white and blue sport uniform on field with soccer ball above ground in front of him .
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
a lone skier skiing down a snowy mountain on one ski .
A man skis downhill on a mountain .
A mountain skier heads down a mountain .
A skier in a blue outfit is skiing down the hill with a red pack on his back .
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track .
A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence .
Orange dog runs on dirt beside green fence .
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .
A game of hockey is being played .
A man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows .
A player in purple , white , and black attempts to make a play near the end of a field .
number fiveteen runs with the lacrosse ball .
Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court .
Men training for ballet dancing in gym
People dancing in front of instructor
Several people are participating in an athletics class .
Various people on a basketball court .
A little brown dog is running in a field .
A little brown dog is running on the grass .
A little brown dog runs through the grass .
A puppy runs in a grassy field , a dirt road in the background .
A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves .
Two people play on the beach .
Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach .
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
Two women in bikinis play on the beach .
Two women on a beach .
A crowd of joyful people parade through an Asian street with black banners .
A crowd of people carrying flags bike and walk through the streets .
A group of people riding double on bicycles carrying black flags .
Asian people are riding bike and holding up banners in a parade .
People ride bikes and carry black flags along a road where others are gathered .
A group of Asian teenagers are holding flags on a street .
A group of happy young men and women hold flags with Chinese writing on them .
A group of young Asian boys and girls holding black flags .
Guys and girls are standing around holding black flags with Asian characters .
several young asian people carrying black and white flags
A group of girls and guys hang out , one is making a sad face .
A group of women ; one serious , one frowning , and another smiling .
A woman in a pink sweater looks pensive next to a crowd of laughing women .
A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk .
There are oriental people standing together .
A black and brown dog wrestle , and a little dog watches .
Several dogs are playing in the grass near a boat .
Several dogs play outside near a boat .
three dogs wrestle for a toy .
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard , with a boat in its carrier the background .
A blonde woman is next to a man in a red shirt .
A blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek .
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown haired man .
A man muscular man wearing an orange shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a blond woman wearing a black shirt .
A woman kisses the cheek of a man in an orange t-shirt .
A lone hiker treks through deep snow near rocky peaks .
A mountain climber on a snowy plain near a mountaintop .
A person travels down a snowy path into the mountains .
On a mountaintop a climber is seen in the distance , black figure against white snow
Someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them .
people with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
People are hiking up a mountain in the snow .
Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope .
Two hikers with backpacks crossing a snow field .
Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .
A kid is climbing on a rope course .
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
A young girl climbing a rope ladder
Children climb a jungle gym .
young girl and boy cross a rope bridge
Two elderly people walk down a city sidewalk by words written in chalk .
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk .
Two men walk through a city with words on the street .
Two older men in business attire are walking in a city , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .
Two people walk down a city street that has writing on it .
a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building .
A boy on a black skateboard going down a ramp with a white building behind him
A boy wearing purple rides a skateboard up a ramp .
A skateboarder uses a skateboard ramp .
Skateboard rider riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp .
A man and woman sit in a brightly lit stage set .
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .
A street side restaurant
People sitting in a well-lit restaurant .
Tiny restaurant with meat handing in display .
A boy in an orange shirt grinds a skateboard ramp .
a lone skateboarder wearing an orange shirt jumping on a ramp
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .
Skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence .
A girl smiles at another girl in a group of people hanging out .
A girl in pink giving another girl a hug .
A young teenage girl talks to another teenager with a red sweatshirt .
Girl wearing a hat and holding her bike talks to her friend .
Two young girls are talking to one another on a busy street in Asia .
A girl with a bun is sitting at a desk .
Group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
People are sitting at desks in a library .
Person sitting at a desk in a library .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
There are two women crossing the street in front of two buses .
Two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses .
Two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road .
Two women walk on the street in front of two buses .
Two women with their heads covered crossing the road in front of buses .
A boat docked at the harbor .
A man standing on the dock beside a building and a tugboat .
A red tugboat is about to dock at a port .
A tugboat is parked at the pier with a house on deck .
The boat is pulled up to dock and a man is pulling something out of the water .
A dog is leaping for a tennis ball .
A dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball .
A dog leaps in the air while chasing a tennis ball .
Two dogs chasing a ball .
Two dogs in a field are running to catch a tennis ball .
A girl defends the basketball from another player .
A girl playing basketball attempts a shot while another girl aggresively defends her .
Girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd .
The female basket player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
The opposing basketball player is making a hook shot over the defender .
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows .
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
A snowboarder dressed in yellow makes a jump .
a snowboarder gets air off a jump .
A snowboarder is doing a trick .
A snowboarder jumping .
A viewer from a helicopter watches a snowboarder below
A child rides a unicycle while a crowd watches .
A little girl rides on a bicycle during a parade .
A small girl riding a unicycle .
Girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle .
Person in checked shirt riding unicycle while crowd watches .
A man curls up while sitting on a couch in a busy public area .
A man is slouching on a couch with people walking and sitting around him .
A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair .
A person in a baseball cap and jeans resting on a brown couch .
People sit and walk through a crowded area .
A blonde baby girl in green is walking and holding a box .
A little girl in a green dress with blue dots is carrying a box with a handle .
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box .
A little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox .
A young girl walks with a lunchbox .
A man with a white beard , a partially bald man and a woman with short hair posing for a picture
Three people are posing for a camera .
Two bearded men and a woman .
Two men and a woman pose for a picture .
Two men and woman posing together .
A group of girls climb up a snowy hill .
Four children climbing up a snow covered hill .
Four kids are climbing a shallow snow covered hill while wearing winter gear .
Four kids climb a snowy hill , one struggles .
Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside .
Four spectators watch three competition skiers pass by .
Men skiing .
Skiiers race in the snow .
Three skiers are coming over and down a hill while spectators are watching .
Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind .
A man and woman sit and talk at the dinner table .
The man with the guitar case smiled at the other man .
The two old men are sitting in a room , one of them wears a tan hat and holds a cello case .
Two men sitting down inside , one of them holding an instrument case .
Two older men sitting at a table , one holding a guitar case
A man is skating through a tunnel .
A person skates along the inside of a long tube .
A rollerblader rides high in a full pipe while others watch
A rollerblader skating inside a tube .
A skateboarder whizzes through a tunnel .
A couple look at some artwork .
A couple stands near a piano and look up at a painting .
A couple viewing a large painting hung on a red wall .
a man and a woman are looking at a painting in a gallery .
The man and woman look at a painting of naked people .
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
a surfer rides a medium sized wave .
A surfer wearing a black wetsuit is riding a white wave in the ocean .
Man in a wetsuit catching a wave on a surfboard .
a man in a dark outfit and sunglasses is riding a mountain bike through a forest near a stream .
A man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning .
A man rides a mountain bike down a slope in the woods .
A man riding a bicycle down a mountainside .
Man is cross-country cycling in the forest .
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail .
A cyclist is performing a jump near to a railing and a brick wall .
A man jumps his bicycle in a public park .
A teenage boy does tricks on his bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt through the air , on a bicycle .
A large man and large woman sitting on a park bench with a bottle of soda between them .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench .
An overweight man makes arm gestures on a park bench and a woman watches him .
A woman and a man sitting on opposite ends of a coach .
The two large people are sitting outside on a bench
A group of greyhounds race on a track .
A kangaroo wearing a yellow and black striped vest with the number eight on it is hopping .
many dogs race around the track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
Race dogs run their fastest down a sandy track .
A man in a dark hat shoots a handgun .
a man shoots a gun .
A man shoots a gun that emits a bright light .
A man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night .
A stop motion picture of a man firing a handgun in a dark area .
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces .
A girl with brown hair and a green shirt is standing near escalators .
A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background .
A woman standing expressionless .
Woman with brown hair and brown eyes wearing a green shirt .
a few dogs jumping around in the snow
A large dog and two smaller dogs running around in the snow .
Three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Three dogs run around in the snow .
Snowboarders are jumping their boards off a mound of snow .
Snowboarders do tricks on mountain .
Three people make snowboard jumps .
Two people ride their snowboards high above a snowy ramp .
two snowboarders jump .
A person in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorbike .
A person on a bike doing a wheelie on a rock .
A person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock .
A person rides their bicycle onto a rock and balances on one wheel .
The man is riding a motorcycle over jagged rocks .
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms skate on the ice .
Two ice hockey players
Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice .
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline , enjoying each others company .
A boy looks at a dog while they stand on a trampoline outside .
A buy with glasses petting his bulldog , on the pavement with woods in the background .
A muscular dog with upturned face looking into eyes of a young boy .
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses
A bird swooping over water .
A bird , wings outstreached , over the water .
A black and white bird is flying over water .
A white bird spreads its wings and jumps into the water feet first .
A white bird with a black beak begins to land near the water .
A black and brown dog rolls around in the grass .
A brown and black dog is rubbing his face in the grass .
A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .
A large dog rubs its face in the grass .
Black dog rolls head in grass .
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman in a black coat .
A dog jumps for the woman 's treat .
A large black and white dog jumps up to get something held by a woman wearing a black jacket .
a woman teaches a dog to jump for treats , outside on the grass .
A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .
A child gets ready to slide down the slide .
A young girl in jeans sits at the top of a red and yellow slide .
The little girl in pigtails is preparing to go down the slide .
The little girl is sitting on the slide .
There is a little girl sitting at the top of a red slide .
A boy on a bicycle in midair after going off of a wooden ramp .
a man jumping off a ramp in a bike
A person jumping their bike in the woods in front of trees with no leaves .
A person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest .
A person on a bike is making a high jump along a trail in the woods .
An elderly woman is wearing a pink striped shirt .
an older woman in a pink striped shirt
An older woman with a striped shirt rubbing her chin .
A woman in a pink striped shirt , with her hand up .
Older lady is appears to be getting ready to cover her mouth .
A man sits in a chair smoking a cigarette .
A man sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a chair .
Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant .
The man wearing glasses , with a cigarette in his mouth , sits in a chair .
A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it .
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog .
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing .
Outside by the trees , a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase .
A large grey and white water bird .
A large white bird flies over water .
A white birds lands swiftly in the water .
bird is taking off out of the water
Large white crane is flying low near the water .
One dog on the ground and another dog standing above it .
Two beige dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs in a field , facing each other .
Two dogs play with one another on the grass .
two tan dogs play in the grass
A group of people racing horses on a beach .
Four people are riding horseback on the beach .
Four people are riding horses on the beach .
Four people riding horses along beach .
People riding horses on the beach .
A group of men wearing yellow shawls walk in a line .
Men walk in line carrying things .
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses .
three Buddhists walk on the street .
Three men in orange robes holding metal pots .
a lone skateboarder in midair with a huge wooden ramp and silver graffiti in the background
A male skateboarder Takes advantage of the half pipe .
A skateboarder high in the air at indoor ramp .
Man on skateboard , jumping through the air .
Skateboarder performing a trick high in the air on a ramp .
A dog jumping in the snow at the edge of the forest
A dog jumps across the snowy ground .
A dog runs through a snowy field .
Dog running through the snow .
The grey and white dog is running through the snow .
A group of friends play in a lake .
Five people are in a natural water source .
many children play in the water .
People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .
Several people are playing outside in the water .
A man stands on a surfboard in the ocean with a stick in his hand .
A man stands on a surfboard , paddling it out into the ocean .
a surfer uses an oar to get out in the ocean .
Man stands on surfboard with paddle in ocean .
The surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf .
A person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water .
A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach .
A person on a boat by the shore .
fisherman motors ahead in his boat , facing the sun
This person is driving a boat on a secluded beach .
A skier flies through the air in front of a mountainous landscape .
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .
A skier performs a high jump in a snow-covered valley .
A snow skier is taking a huge leap over a snow slope .
Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow .
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag .
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .
Little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth .
The dog has his face in the bag of Christmas presents .
The red-brown dog digs his nose to investigate a holiday gift bag .
A group of people are in the water .
Many people are in the water near a hillside .
Many people hang out in a body of water .
Many people swimming is a lake surrounded by trees and houses .
Several people bathe in a lake .
A group of 5 men in the air in front of a canal and houses .
Five guys in tuxes and sneakers are jumping in the air .
Five men dressed in tuxedos and tennis shoes are jumping for a silly wedding photo .
Five men in tuxedos jump for joy in front of a mountain range .
five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river
Two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table .
Two dogs are waiting to be fed in the kitchen .
Two dogs are waiting with their mouths open by a person sat in a dining room chair .
two dogs bark at a man in a chair .
Two dogs begging a partially seen person for food at a kitchen table .
A man on a board with the aid of a parachute travels quickly through the snow .
A person parachuting down the site of a snow covered mountain .
A person para gliding into the snowy mountains .
Person with blue jacket windsailing with blue , white and orange sail over snow and rock front .
This person is parachuting with skis onto a snowy hill .
A man is in the air upside-down in the snow .
A person doing tricks on a slope .
A person is skiing and doing a flip in the snow .
A skier goes upside down kicking snow in the air .
A skier is doing a flip in the snow .
A dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him .
A dog is running onto the top of a blue slide .
A yellow dog leads a child in going down a blue slide .
A yellow lab descends a slide , while a mother in a red sweater and a child in a black shirt play with a brown dog .
dog coming down a slide from a wooden playhouse
two ladies posing for a picture
Two middle aged heavyset woman standing next to each other and smiling at the camera .
Two middle aged women stand for a picture near a forest .
Two older women smiling and standing in front of large trees , one woman is fixing her hair .
Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees .
a couple men sitting outside of a bar
Men sit and talk at the storefront of a cafe .
There are two people inside , and two men outside , a cafe ; with a tv on in the background .
Two men are sitting at a table outside a coffee shop .
Two men sit outside a cafe painted blue .
Behind a " 3rd St " sign and traffic light , building construction continues .
On a multi-story construction site a number of workers in red shirts lean on temporary railings and rest .
People are standing in a building that 's under construction near 3rd St .
Several people are looking out from a building that is under construction .
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign
A person sitting in a chair in front of a glass door
A person sitting in a green chair outside of a building surrounded by trash .
A woman enjoys a meal outside of a building with her possessions surrounding her .
A woman sitting outside a doorway wearing a red hat .
A woman wearing a red hat surrounded by trash and sitting outside of a building
A group of men are playing rugby in a field with houses visible in the distance .
A group of rugby players in action on a green field .
A group of young men in colorful uniforms playing with a white ball .
A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball .
Two rugby teams playing in a field with a ball .
A man on a snow cover hill is snowboarding .
A ski boarder making a jump on a snowy hillside .
A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
A snowboarder grabs his board while midair .
Snowboarder in midair above snowy hill .
A boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise .
A child stands in the snow .
A child stands in the snow and looks at a pretty sky .
Boy in winter gear facing away in snowy area , lake and sunset in distance .
Someone with a red had and red and white mittens standing in the snow overlooking a lake .
A dog is chasing after a ball in a field .
A small brown and white dog chases a white ball over the grass .
A small dog chases a white ball on the grass
A small dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
The small dog is chasing a ball .
A long-boarder catches himself before hitting the ground .
a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street
A skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background .
Boy skateboarding on residential street , falling farward with hands on the ground .
The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground .
A person is pointing at a geyser .
A woman in a white t-shirt points at a geyser .
A woman pointing at a geyser .
The girl is pointing at a geyser
Women pointing at a geyser .
Two dogs are running up a woodland path .
two dogs run across the woods .
Two dogs running toward trees .
Two dogs run on a path near a stone bench .
Two tri-colored short dogs run away from the camera in the trees .
A man dressed in a funny outfit dancing around .
a person wearing a lkievely outfit dancing on some concrete .
A person wrapped in wrapping paper and tinsel .
A rear view of a person dressed like a clown .
The person is wearing a colorful and checkered outfit
A person in red jumps his snowboard with the ocean in the background .
A snowboarder in the air near a red barrel .
a snowboarder jumps over a barrel .
Person in red jacket , dark pants , on a snowboard .
Snow surfer flying in air .
A group of Asian girls are standing together .
A group of asian women in sports attire , and one woman in the center is wearing a baseball cap .
Four teenagers in dark clothes looking in various directions .
There are several asian people , one wearing a baseball cap .
Two girls laugh while other girls look on .
a brown dog retrieves a stick in a rocky river
A dog running through a creek .
A dog running with something in his mouth in shallow water .
A dog with a stick in its mouth runs through the rocks in shallow water .
A soaking wet dog is splashing through the water .
A boy is riding a skateboard down a slope that leads from a bridge to the street below .
A guy skateboarding .
A male attempts skateboard tricks by a bridge .
A man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge .
A skateboarder jumps on an urban alleyway .
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .
A woman blows a massive bubble .
A woman in an aqua shirt is surrounded by a large bubble and is standing next to a boy in a yellow shirt .
The woman in blue appears to blowing glass while a child looks on .
Woman in blue shirt blowing very large bubble
A brown dog sits on a couch .
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
A very large dog laying on a bed with pieces of paper all around him .
The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby .
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper .
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A brown dog is making a big splash whilst trying to swim .
A dog swims and splashes .
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water .
Dog swimming and splashing through water .
A brown dog with a black collar licks its own mouth .
A dog licks his nose .
A large dog licking its nose .
Brown dog with black collar licking nose .
Dog sticking out its tongue .
a black and brown dog playing with a stick
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick .
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick .
A large black dog chews on a stick .
The dog is biting a stick .
a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth .
A fluffy white and brown dog is jumping over an obstacle and holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
Brown and white dog jumping over a low rail with a tennis ball in his mouth .
The dog is jumping with a ball in his mouth .
The small yellow and white dog jumps over an obstacle with a tennis ball .
A crane , wings outstreached , above the ocean .
A large bird landing on water .
A large gray and white bird begins to take flight .
Bird spreads wings over water .
Large dark bird over the water .
A dog plays with a toy in the grass .
A rotweiler playfully rolls over int he grass with a toy .
Black and tan dog playing with a toy and rolling on the grass .
Dog chewing up ball while rolling in grass
The dog is resting after a game of fetch .
A camera man videotapes a skier climbing a tree stump .
A man on ski has jumped in a tree while another man is watching
A person in skis is jumping off the side of a tree while someone records it .
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
A skier jumps through the air , next to a tall tree , while a man videotapes him .
The dogs are in the snow in front of a fence .
The dogs play on the snow .
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
Two brown dogs wrestle in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill .
A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow .
a snowboarder in an orange jacket is airborne on a snowboard .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
Man on a snowboard sliding in the air down a snow covered hill .
A bicycler jumps a ramp outside in the dark night .
A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods .
A person doing a trick on a bike
A person in a black jacket is jumping through the air on a bike .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick in the air .
A bicycle goes downhill .
A bicyclist wearing a dark helmet and a blue jacket jumps over a mound in a field .
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike
A man is biking on a hill .
A person rides their bike down a hill .
An elderly woman in pink sunglasses holding a newspaper
An older woman in a rose patterned shirt is carrying two newspapers .
An old woman with pink sunglasses is holding two magazines in a busy street .
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers .
A skier makes the only path on an empty mountain .
A snowboarder in a red jacket slides down a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain .
a snowboarder wearing red is descending a snow covered mountain .
Skier in red skiing down a snowy mountain .
A dark-haired young woman , number 528 , wearing red and white , is preparing to throw a shot put .
A girl is curling in a competition .
Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put .
A woman is about to race around a track .
Shotput athlete getting ready to throw .
A baby crawls at a playground .
A baby in a baseball shirt crawls through a tube .
A baby smiling for the camera .
A small baby at a park in a tube .
A young boy looks through a tube .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence .
A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
A female tennis player hitting the ball
A woman in a white tennis outfit has jumped into the air to hit a tennis ball .
A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .
A woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match .
A woman wearing white reaches high above herself to hit a tennis ball .
Children dancing on hardwood flooring .
Two children are playing or dancing inside .
Two little girls dance on a hardwood floor in the house .
two little girls dancing on the floor
Two young girls playing in a house .
a female tennis player is lining up to take a swing with her racquet .
A girl wearing white swings her tennis racket back .
A tennis player in white gets ready to hit the ball .
A woman in a white outfut playing tennis .
A young woman playing tennis .
The women have been wounded .
Two women in black have blood on their face and knee .
Two women , one sitting in a chair , the other standing , appear to be injured .
Two women sport bloody wounds .
Two women talk while standing underneath a white tent .
A dog runs toward the camera , his tongee hanging out the side of his mouth
A dog gith golden fur runs in dhe park , the sun striking its fur .
A light colored dog with tongue hanging out of this mouth running on the grass .
A tan dog runs along the grass .
The dog plays in the park .
Two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits , gazing towards a mountain .
Two people dressed in white ropes and pink gloves look at the mountain .
Two people dressed up in white sheets and pink gloves stare at a snow covered glacier off in the distance .
Two people in white robes look at a snowy mountain .
Two people wearing white and pink plastic gesture at a mountain in the distance .
A biker flies through the air near sand dunes .
A biker holds onto their bike while in the air with a mountin in the background .
A cyclist jumping into the air
A person in the air holding on to a bicycle .
A person jumps high in the air holding onto their bicycle .
A couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival
There is a man in red and two children looking at a large , round , colorful wheel .
Three people are standing at a carnival game .
two people play a game at a carnival .
Two people stand before a spinning wheel at a carnival .
A dog catches a toy in the snow .
A dog playing in the snow .
A dog playing in the snow , ready to catch a toy
A white and black dog is about to catch an object while it stands in a snowy field .
Dog with a red collar running in the snow .
smiling girls sitting on rounded platform
The older girl is laughing and holding the younger girl outside
Two girls are enjoying themselves on a spinning platform .
Two girls are sitting together on a spinning platform .
Two girls hapily playing in a park .
a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods .
A boy jumps off a tan rock .
A boy jumps up in a field in the woods .
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
Child in blue and grey shirt jumping off hill in the woods
A bulldog jumps over a log next to a stream .
A dog is pawing at a fallen log nearby a stream in an area with pinestraw .
Black and white dog grabs tree limb
The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek .
The dog plays with the large log .
A large man sits in a military accessories store .
A man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia .
A man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
A man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise .
Veteran shows off different things from a war .
A dog lies upside down on the grass .
A dog rolls on its back in the grass .
Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass .
Dog on its back rolling around in the grass .
The dog is rolling on its back on the grass with its mouth wide open .
An older woman with a small dog in the snow
A woman and a cat are outside in the snow .
A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal .
A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground .
Heavy set woman in snow with a cat
A black dog chases birds on the shoreline
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
Black dog running behind three birds on shore with waves in the background .
There is a dog running along the beach .
A man in a leather jacket and striped shirt points at something off camera .
A man in sunglasses , a red striped sweater , and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger .
A man with dark glasses , a black jacket , and a white and red horizontally-striped shirt pointing at something while standing on a sidewalk .
A man with shaggy hair and a moustache pointing down a street .
The man with the red and grey shirt and glasses is pointing .
A blurry dog jumps through water .
A small tan dog jumping out of the water
Small brown dog jumping out of the water .
The fuzzy dog runs through the water .
Wet brown dog , jumping out of the water .
A man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms .
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .
A skateboard rider riding his skateboard down the steps of a building .
The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .
The skateboarder wearing a black t-shirt and black pants is in front of the red brick building .
A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
A woman holding a white and black dog .
A young lady poses for photo with her dog .
Woman holding dog on street .
A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail .
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night .
A man is skateboarding down a railing on some stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a metal railing .
A young boy does skateboarding tricks down metal stairs .
The man on the left is looking at the woman and the man .
The two men and one woman wearing jackets are standing in front of a white and blue building .
Three people are standing in front of an arcade .
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building .
Three people wearing mostly black are standing in front of a blue door .
A boy on a swing .
A little boy is swinging on a swing beside some trees and a river .
A toddler swings back very high .
A young boy is riding a swing high in the air .
Small child swinging on a swing with trees in the background .
A boy wearing a white apron has is arms out in a communal darts and craft room whilst a boy in blue looks on .
A crowd of people gather for a meal indoors .
A room full of adults and children .
Children serving at a community dinner .
people in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes
Two brunettes , one with tattoos , hug and smile at camera indoors .
Two middle-aged women with tattoos hug each other for the camera .
Two women , one with tattoos , hold each other and smile .
Two young women posing and holding each other in close-up .
Two young women posing for a picture
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background .
a brown and white dog with a red collar getting on a trampoline
A dog gets on a trampoline .
dog with a red collar on a trampoline
The brown and white dog is standing on a trampoline with its tongue hanging out .
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .
A person stands wearing sunglasses , a boat and two cameras .
A person wearing a grey jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera .
A woman wearing a grey jacket and pink sunglasses
The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car .
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .
A group of people perform together onstage .
Costumed performers stand onstage with their arms outstretched .
Performers performing a play .
Three people are doing ballet exercises in extravagant costumes .
Two ladies next to a stroller inside a building .
Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building .
Two women with a baby carriage in a building next to a table and chairs .
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant .
Two women with strollers standing next to a table and chair .
A brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground
A fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth .
A white fluffy dog is jumping and catching a toy .
The shaggy dog leaps and catches the ball .
A golden retreiver standing outside in the snow with a person standing with skis and poles .
A man and a dog outside in a snow storm .
A person is standing on skis in the snow with a dog .
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow .
The man is skiing in the snow with a large brown dog .
A man in white shorts and a wet-suit top is riding on a bright yellow surfboard .
A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave .
A man rides a yellow surfboard .
A man surfs on a yellow board .
Surfer on long yellow board .
A boy on a skateboard is on a wall near the water and next to grass .
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall
Skateboarder preparing to jump off of stone wall .
The skateboarder does a trick on the low stone wall .
Young man skateboarding on a retaining wall in a suburban area .
A bicyclist rides on ramps .
A bike rider does a trick in the air .
A man performs a bike trick on a ramp .
Extreme BMX rider defying gravity
Person doing tricks on a bicycle in a skatepark .
A man battles the waves as his yellow kayak goes perpendicular in the water .
A man in a yellow kayak negotiates some white water .
A man in a yellow kayak riding through rapids .
Man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids .
The man in the yellow canoe is in a large wave .
A dog catching a ball in a snowy field .
A dog catching the ball in the snow .
A dog leaps in the snow to catch a ball .
A dog playing in the snow with a white ball .
Black dog catches ball in the snow .
A man is placing jewelry on an extravagantly-haired and decorated female sculpture or stiffly-posed woman .
A performer wearing a h
A person being dressed in clothing with feathers and sequins .
The dancer gets her final makeup before going out onstage .
Two men fixing drag queen 's costume .
A homeless man in a wheelchair is holding a cup out for a man to put some change into
a man donates to a panhandler .
A wheelchair bound person receiving a tip from a passerby .
Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout
The man in the tan shirt gives to the man in the wheelchair and hat .
An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean .
A person is running across the beach at the waters edge .
A person 's legs , backlit , run through the surf .
Someone runs along the beach in the bright sun .
Someone 's legs are in frame running over a beach shore .
A man does a handstand in the sand .
A man doing a handstand in shallow water on the beach .
A man is performing a handstand on the beach .
A topless male does a handstand on a beach .
The male is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach .
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods .
A group of people are in the woods playing instruments .
A group of people playing instruments in the woods .
A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot .
Six men have a band practice in the woods .
A bunch of people are talking down a city street with old buildings on both sides of them .
A crowded street in Italy .
Crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings .
Group of people crossing a street with building surrounding them .
People walking on a street .
A child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman
An adult smiles with a child on a swing .
A young woman watches as a young blond boy swings in a chair swing with buildings visible in the background .
The woman stands outdoors , next to a child in a swing .
Woman standing , with a child on a swing .
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
Brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
Two dogs fight in the snow .
A man wearing a bow tie and glasses poses for a photo .
A man wearing glasses and a green bow tie .
A man with a bow-tie looks at the camera with no expression .
A man with a bow-tie made out of a dollar and wearing glasses is looking into the camera .
An old man wearing a green bow-tie and glasses looking toward the camera .
Two guys with one guy holding a homeless sign .
Two homeless men are leaning on a brick wall and holding up a cardboard sign .
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
Two young men stand holding a sign against a wall .
A girl in a blue shirt is smiling with another girl .
Closeup of two women hugging each other
two middle aged women smile for the camera .
two women sharing a drink taking a blurred photo of their faces
Two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera .
A guy and girl having their photo taken .
A man holding a drink is being hugged by a woman wearing a black shirt .
A man holding a drink poses with a woman .
A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag .
A woman with dyed blonde and brown hair has her arm around the man who is holding a cup .
A man and his female teammate watch his shot as they play a game of a beer pong .
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .
A man trying to throw a ball into red cups .
People play beer pong .
The two people are next to a brown house .
A girl in yellow is laying down and man is looking at the camera .
A man and a woman are laid back relaxing on the couch .
A man in a purple shirt in front of a woman in a yellow shirt .
A woman lays down with a camera and a man leans back on her taking the picture .
Two young people taking pictures of themselves while laying atop each other
An Asian boy and girl are walking in a park .
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path .
An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket .
Two Asian girls walk along the park .
Two Asian teens in jackets
A man in a blue headband and white shirt plays tennis .
A player watches the tennis ball he hit go flying , as the crowd watches .
A tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match .
A tennis player in mid-swing .
A tennis player in the middle of a game .
a black and white dog jumping through the snow
A black dog jumping through high snow .
A black dog jumps down a snowy hill .
A black dog jumps out of a pile of thick white snow .
The black dog is gliding down through the snow .
A group of people with gloves on working on large colorful squares .
Artists working on a mosaic on the ground .
Group of people are down on their hands and knees making something on the ground .
People are painting colored squares on the ground .
Three women painting on the sidewalk .
a couple posing together each smiling
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater .
A woman in brown and a man in grey look at the camera .
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond hair smile .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
A group of people sit in lawn chairs at the edge of a large cliff .
People in folding chairs take in the view from a cliff .
People sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline .
Several people sit in chairs near a canyon .
Several people sitting on foldable chairs near a geological formation .
A group of people stand in the snow in a mountain .
A person is jumping over a house on skis .
a snowboarder jumps over a shed .
People watch as a person skis down a mountain .
Skiiers on a snowy mountain .
A brown dog digging a hole .
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A brown dog is digging a hole in the dirt .
A dog digs a hole in a yard .
This brown dog is digging a hole while there is a plant nearby .
A boy in a blue hat is riding a green sledge on the snow at dusk .
A child in a saucer in the snow .
A child with a sled plays in the snow at dusk .
A little boy on a green sled at night .
Little boy on a green sled goes over a hill of snow as the sun sets .
A big , brown dog is shaking off while in the water .
A brown dog is in the water shaking its head .
A dog that is down in water is shaking off .
A large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water .
The large dog wading in the water and shaking .
A black and white dog leaping out of the water .
A brown and white large dog plays in the water .
A dog runs through water .
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A wet dog emerges from deep water .
A man parachuting down a snowy mountain .
A man soaring with a red parachute .
A man wearing skis and a parachute in midair
A paraskier is landing on a mountain .
A person wearing skis is also paragliding with a red parachute .
Several young adults posing dramatically on a subway car .
Six people pose together for a picture on the subway .
Six young people are posing for a photograph on a subway train .
Six young people posing for the camera inside of a train .
Six young people cutting up on a subway .
A basketball player looks upward as a hand reaches for her ball .
A female basketball player wearing a red uniform is holding a basketball and looking up while an arm is trying to block her .
A female woman has a basketball in her hands and a determined look on her face .
A woman basketball player holding the ball grimaces with effort while another player 's arm attempts to block her .
A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up .
a boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
A man holding a can in a waterfall .
A man is flailing in water while holding up a drink can .
A man with a canned drink is standing under a waterfall .
A young man splashes in the water , holding a canned soda
A man surfing in the ocean .
A surfer catches a wave and tries to hold on as the surf collapses around him .
a surfer is riding a surfboard on top of a breaking wave .
A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water .
A surfer on a wave .
A dog chasing a duck in a pond .
As the dog swims close , the duck flies away .
a white dog in a river is chasing a duck
A white dog is swimming after a duck .
A white dog is swimming in a lake while a bird flies away .
A black and brown dog wearing a red coat rolls in the snow .
A black and tan dog in a orange jacket laying in the snow .
A brown and black dog lies in the snow with an orange vest on .
A dog wearing a jacket rolls in the snow .
A dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow
A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side .
Adults and children share in the looking at something , and some young ladies stand to the side .
Adults and children stand outside of open barn .
A group of people outside a barn .
Two girls are standing by a another family in front of a wooden barn .
a group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
Asian girls line up near some flags .
Several women in pastel colors stand in line , one holding a child on her shoulders .
Six Asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture .
There are five women in pink and purple and one has a child on her shoulders .
A group of people stand and look at a kid who jumped .
A group of people watches a boy on a skateboard launch off a ramp .
A guy on a skateboard performs a trick in front of a crowd .
Group of people watching a skateboarder do tricks at a skate park .
People are watching a boy on a skateboard at the top of a skate ramp .
A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain .
A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs .
A team of dogs is pulling a dog sled .
A team of dogs pulling a man on a sled .
Five dogs pull a man on a sled through the snow .
A girl in overalls is playing on a see-saw .
A little girl in blue overalls plays on a seesaw in a backyard .
a redheaded girl is siting on a see saw in the garden
redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw .
The young redheaded girl plays on the teeter totter .
A crowd of people are enjoying a meal with a view of a mountaintop .
A group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge .
A large group of people with snow covered mountains in the background .
many people are sitting at wooden tables overlooking snow covered mountains .
People dine outdoors at a lodge on a snowy mountain .
A group of men in green shirts and black pants holding hands
Black people dancing in a Boston square .
Four men posing on the street in green shirts and black pants .
Several men in matching green and black outfits in front of a monument .
Three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance .
A blue heron , wings , outstreached , prepares for landing .
A gray water fowl with black and white markings is flying near water .
A large bird is flying over water .
A large black bird is gliding over the water .
A large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water .
A dog chews an object a woman is holding on the rocky and sandy beach .
A woman in holds a coconut in front of an interested dog .
A woman is playing with a dog and a large rock on the beach .
a woman wearing a pink shirt playing with a tan and white dog on the beach
Woman playing with dog on a beach .
A bull rider hangs on tightly to a rope around a large , bucking bull 's back .
A man in bullfighting regalia rides a bull 's back .
A man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull .
A matador in a colorful outfit is riding a bull
Bullrider at a rodeo riding a bull .
A little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .
A young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass .
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .
Boy in striped , hooded coat runs down grassy hill .
The small boy is running through a grassy area .
A man in blue sits on a wall with bags .
A man sits on a bench with some bags .
A man sitting outside with bags and a camera .
An older man in a blue hoodie is sitting down next to his bags .
Older man is sitting on a bench with his two bags .
A hockey game .
A hockey goalie reaches for the puck during a professional game .
During an ice hockey game , a man tries to make a goal .
Hockey goalie blocks a shot from a rival player as other players observe .
Hockey players around a goalie .
A girl in a sequined shirt smiles .
A young woman in a costume smiles as others gather .
Girls wearing costumes stand around , one smiles .
Several girls are in a crowd and one is smiling while the sun shines in her face .
Two girls wear fancy , glittery costumes .
Two dogs kick up dirt while running down a hill .
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two dogs running in the dirt .
Two dogs run through dirt and weeds .
Two yellow dogs running on sand .
A dog in the snow
A dog walks through the snow .
A golden dog looks alert as he stands in snow .
A yellow dog in the snow .
There is a medium sized tan colored dog out in the snow .
A black and white dog is running across a snow covered field .
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field .
A dog running in snow .
A dog runs on a snowy field .
A white dog with black spots runs through a field covered in snow .
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash .
A dog jumps through water .
A dog running in the water .
A dog running through water .
a dog sprints across the water .
A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope .
a lone snowboarder jumpy in the air on a snowy mountain
A snowboarder flies through the air above the snow .
A snowboarder in midair over a snow hill .
A snowboarder performing a trick .
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods .
A brown and a black dog are running .
A dog with a brown spot around one eye walking in front of a black dog .
Two dogs are running along a grassy path .
Two dogs running through the grass .
A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick .
A dog runs down a trail with a stick in his mouth .
a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth .
A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest .
a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth
a group on white and balck birds lined up on a concrete wall
A row of birds is sitting in front of a grey cloud .
Many birds are sitting on a concrete wall .
many birds sit on a ledge .
Pigeons framed against a looming storm .
A black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase .
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps .
A large black limousine parked in front of a building with a lot of people on the steps .
A limousine in front of a group of people on steps .
A small limousine is parked outside a large older structure .
A bunch of dogs are competing in a race .
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
several muzzled greyhound dogs racing around a track
The number 2 dog in the blue vest is in the lead at the dog races .
A carnival midway at night .
A group of people gather at a stand at the fair .
Booths at a carnival
The game booths at a carnival are shown with a doughnut shop in the background .
The people are standing around at a carnival .
Boys at an amphitheater .
Four guys are posed on a stone platform .
Four guys in front of a abandoned building trying to make a letter with their bodies
four kids playfully pose in unusual architectural structure
Four kids pose on a stage .
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
a group of young naked children showering outside
Children are bathing in the falling water .
Children bathe in water from large drums .
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
A child is performing with a toy while onstage with a colorful balloon backdrop .
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .
A little girl does a hula hoop behind a backdrop of balloons .
A young girl hula dances in front of a colorful backdrop .
Girl is performing onstage with a hula hoop surrounded by many balloons .
A group of people are in front of a store walking across a crosswalk .
A group of people walking across a street
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .
Four people and a child walking in the street .
People crossing the street
A man in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt with a car in the background .
A man in a red shirt that says ' Espana ' and a girl with purple streaks in her hair are smiling .
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
The man and lady pose for a picture .
The man is wearing a red shirt , while the woman standing with him has purple streaks in her hair .
A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods .
A kid with a white shirt and helmet riding a bike through the woods
Cyclist riding down dirt path in the woods .
Mountain biking in a forest during the early fall .
The cyclist rides on a wooded path .
A dog jumps out of a creek .
A white dog in a creek .
A white dog is jumping in natural water .
A yellow dog shaking off from a jump into a stream .
The furry beige dog is playing in the murky river water .
A brown and white dog is jumping up to catch a ball in the park .
A dog chases a tennis ball on a well manicured park lawn .
A white and brown dog jumps for a tennis ball in midair .
A white and brown dog , mid-leap , in a park .
A white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air .
A bald man with an earpiece is smiling nearby a building opening .
A man with a white mustache and an earpiece is smiling .
A mustache man wears an earphone .
A smiling man with a headphones and a grey mustache
The bald man with the white mustache is wearing a bluetooth earpiece .
a bird lands in the water .
A blue , long-legged wading bird prepares to land in water .
A large bird has its wings spread above a body of water
A pelican diving towards the water with feet out .
There is an aquatic bird in flight about to land on the water .
A boy performs a skateboarding trick down a set of stairs .
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A boy with a blue shirt is standing on the railing of a flight of stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet .
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti .
A kayaker fights the rapids .
a man in a green kayak paddles down some rapids in front of a waterfall
A man kayaking down rapids .
A man kayaking through rapids in a river
A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top .
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .
A man in colorful trunks surfing a wave on a white surfboard .
A surfer rides a wave in a clear blue ocean .
a surfer surfs a wave .
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave .
A blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet , elbow and knee pads , and Rollerblades .
A child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear .
A child wearing Rollerblades and sitting on a curb .
The blonde girl is wearing a silver helmet , knee pads , and Rollerblades .
The girl takes a break from rollerblading .
The people in the red parasail are gliding over the water .
Two people are hang gliding .
Two people are seated and are flying with a big red parachute .
Two people float through the air on a red and white glider .
Two people hang gliding from a red , white and black glider with blue , cloudy skies behind them .
A man in a wetsuit is leaving the water while waterskiing .
A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above .
A man is waterskiing on one ski .
A man riding the water on a single board , holding on to a support with one hand .
A water glider .
A brown and white dog stands in the deep snow .
A dog in the snow .
A dog stands in deep snow surrounded by trees .
A dog stands up to his elbows in snow .
Dog sits in snow .
A couple holding hands and another woman are walking down a wooded trail .
A couple holding hands and a woman standing beside them pose on a tree lined dirt road .
Three friends on a stroll in the forest .
Three people stand on a path through the woods .
Two women and a man posing on a rural path
A BMX bike rider in a black and red uniform on a dirt bike .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person wearing a black helmet rides a red bike through the woods .
Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods .
Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope .
A man in yellow is leaping toward men in blue .
A soccer game on a grassy field .
A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run alongside .
Guys wearing yellow , red , and blue are running in the grass .
Man jumping on another during a game in the grass .
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A brown and white dog jumping in the air near a wooden fence .
A dog barks at plants in a walled concrete courtyard .
A dog catches a ball in midair .
A tan and white dog jumps up with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A man dressed for cold weather plays with a stick with his black and brown dog .
A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog .
A man in orange pants and brown vest is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
A man tries to take a stick away from a brown dog .
a man tugging on a stick that a little dog has in his mouth
A family is watching a girl on the phone walk by .
A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background .
A woman walks and talks on her cellphone while nearby men watch .
a woman wearing a blue dress walking by a group of staring guys
Lady on a cellphone walking in front of a group of men .
Two girls are jumping high in the air .
Two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees .
Two girls in midair with trees in the background
Two girls in mid leap , one with jeans and red shirt other with black pants floral shirt
Two girls leap through the air .
A man and a boy ride a go kart
A man helps a boy steer a go-cart .
An old man drives a go cart with a little boy .
Man and child riding in go cart .
Old man teaching little kid to drive .
A child covered with paint sits amid trays of multicolored paint on a surface thoroughly saturated with paint .
A child plays with paint .
A little girl in a white shirt has been playing with paint and covered herself and her room .
A young child sitting in a mess of paint .
a young child sitting in a mess of paint spilled everywhere .
A brown and white dog wrestles with a gray dog .
A brown dog and a brown and white dog romp in the grass
Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy area .
Two dogs wrestling in the grass
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching .
A man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo .
bull riding with people watching
The bull and rider are being observed by a group of people .
There is a man with a white cowboy hat riding a bull .
A dog is running while another dog behind it carries a tennis ball .
A dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth .
Two black and white dogs running in a field .
Two black and white dogs walking on dirt , one of which has a ball in its mouth .
Two dogs are running in the dirt , one with a ball in its mouth .
A grey bearded scottish gentleman in red plaid is playing the bagpipes .
A man with a beard in the foreground playing bagpipes
A parade of bagpipers walk through a city street .
Several bagpipers in Scottish dress .
The man with the white beard is playing a red bagpipe .
A blonde haired man is doing a demonstration in front of a small crowd of people .
A man demonstrates his product to an audience .
A man in a striped shirt is demonstrating a product .
A man is standing behind and desk and there is part of a red car hanging above his head .
a man shows off his exibit to many people .
A man in a blue headband plays tennis .
A man running during a tennis match .
A tennis player is running across the court with a racquet in his hand .
Closeup of a man running with a tennis racket
This man , wearing a blue headband and white shirt , is playing tennis .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses sit at a table with four beer bottles .
There are two guys sitting around a table , both with beers in their hands .
Two men drinking beers at a table
Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer .
Two men sit at a small round table and drink beer .
A man in a blue an yellow coat ski jumps .
A person jumping down a hill on skis .
A skier splits his or her legs while flying throught the air over a ski hill .
A skier is performing a trick high in the air over a snowy area .
The skier is jumping high above the snow .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow .
A brown dog is running through the snow with a Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog catches a red Frisbee in the snow .
A dog holding a Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog is running in the snow carrying a red Frisbee .
A group of children in costume , learning a dance from an instructor .
Children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing .
Children in colorful costumes are performing on a stage beside a white building .
Little kids with colorful skirts over their clothes are dancing .
The people are making hand gestures .
A Dalmatian is playing near a tree .
A Dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree .
A Dalmation Dog bites a small branch on a tree while up on his hind legs .
A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree .
The spotted dog chews on a tree .
A lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog 's face .
An old woman with a white greyhound is standing on the sidewalk .
A woman in a plaid dress holding the collar of a white dog .
A woman poses with her white dog on a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a plaid dress standing on the sidewalk next to a white dog
a bald man in a blue shirt is operating a fiery furnace .
A man in an apron operating an open wood stove .
A man operating a furnace .
A man wearing a black apron is cooking .
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .
A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .
A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread .
a man wearing a spiderman outfit with a mask covering his face also .
A person wearing a spiderman print outfit looks up with a hood on his face .
The man is wearing a spiderman outfit .
A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark
A skateboarder in a green shirt is performing a jump .
A skateboarder in the city .
a skateboarder wearing a green shirt jumping on a ramp
Skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air .
Three children in a village stand under an awning
Three children in ragged clothes are standing outside a thatched hut .
Three children stand in front of their home .
Three children standing near huts .
three children playy together .
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow .
A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball in the snow .
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow .
A dog getting a ball in the snow
The little black and white dog is in the snow whit a red ball .
The two kids are looking at a sign .
Two children looking up at a large fashion advertisement on a concrete wall .
two little boys admire a shop window .
two small children standing next to a jeans advertisement .
Two small children stand next to a window display .
A baby takes a bath while grownups watch .
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub .
A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath .
Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath .
Some people are standing around watching a baby taking a bath .
A black dog running across green grass .
A black dog running in grass .
A black dog runs in the grass , its tongue hanging out .
A black dong runs across a grassy field
Small black dog running in grass
A brown dog is lying on a grassy field as the wind blows through his fur .
A dog playing in the grass .
a golden retriever is running in a grassy field
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .
The dog is running through the grass in the sun .
A brown dog looks off into the distance by some farm equipment .
A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment .
A dog looking off into the distance .
A grey dog with a matching collar standing beside a tractor .
Brown dog with brown collar looking to left with a clear blue sky in background .
A tennis player about to hit the ball .
A tennis player gets ready to return the ball .
A tennis player in mid-swing at a match .
A tennis player wearing a black shirt swings back to hit a yellow ball .
Man in black and white playing tennis .
Andy Rodderick gets ready to hit a tennis ball .
Andy Roddick plays tennis .
A tennis player in mid game holding a racquet .
Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
Tennis player getting ready to play tennis .
A baseball player is on the field in fronmt of an audience .
A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium .
A man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw .
A tennis player about to serve .
Tennis player is serving the ball .
A man in a red kayak .
a man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
A man is kayaking in the ocean on an orange kayak .
A person in a kayak rides waves in the ocean .
The male kayaker is moving through the rough water .
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A group of men stand talking in front of a statute of a blue lion .
A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing .
Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue .
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A couple is holding their baby at a ceremony while the priest reads his book
a couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest .
A priest holding a book is looking towards a woman and her baby .
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
woman holding baby with priest
Kids playing in a tub of plastic balls .
Two little children are in a bin of colored balls .
Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen .
Two young girls are in an enclosure filled with balls .
Two young girls are playing with plastic balls in a ball pit .
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach .
A man jumping in the air at a beach
A person in black and white swim trunks falling into the sand at the beach .
A teenager in striped shorts is leaping into the air on the beach .
The man is playing with a foam football on the beach .
A man in a kayak is holding his paddle up high .
A man is kayaking through rough water .
Kayak rider raises arms as he 's splashed with water .
Spray obscures the face and torso of the paddle wielding man in the red kayak .
The kayaker holding an oar , is raising both arms in the air , while waves splash around him .
A man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281 .
A runner during a race .
Runner number 281 is being clapped on by a passerby .
The man is running a race is being cheered on by spectators .
The runner is wearing a red tank top and is being watched by a man in black .
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles .
A man playing tennis looks very happy .
A tennis player in a blue shirt celebrates his match .
A tennis player wearing a blue shirt raises his hands and smiles .
The tennis player in the blue shirt is holding his racquet up in the air .
A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp .
A man is jumping his bicycle off a ramp in a skate park .
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps his bike over a ramp .
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
A young man is performing a bicycle jump on a ramp .
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .
a child on a spinning wheel holding on for dear life
A young boy rides a blue and yellow merry-go-round with an adult male hand in the foreground .
A young kid is standing up on the merry go round .
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle .
A group of men in an unner tube going over some rapids
A raft with a group of people is turned over after a crashing wave .
People are tossed around in a blue raft in a foamy river .
Two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water .
Two rafts overturn in a river .
A brown dog jumping over a pole .
A dog jumping a pole .
A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors .
Brown dog leaping over an obstacle bar in a room .
Large brown dog jumps over a low rail .
An individual is skiing down a mountain slope .
A person skiing down a snowy mountainside .
A skier is skiing down a very steep slope with a mountain in the background .
A skier goes down a near vertical slope .
Skier coming down a very steep snow peak .
A beaver on the shore of a stream .
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants .
A dog hides in the bushes .
A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore
A dog makes it way through tall weeds .
An african american woman dressed in orange is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet .
A tennis player in an orange outfit hits a ball .
A tennis player in orange is striking the ball with her racquet .
A woman in an orange athletic outfit playing tennis
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
many people gather at the art museum .
Many people look at art in the main lobby of a museum .
People mill about a large are with a round desk .
People milling around the information booth .
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .
A female tennis player wearing orange in the middle of a tennis match .
An african american woman is leaning over while holding a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing an orange tennis outfit on the court .
A woman playing tennis , swinging her racket .
Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit .
A group of people standing on a rock path .
A group of women converse together while overlooking the views of the foliage .
A woman looks skeptically at the person taking a picture of her and 3 girls who are outdoors .
Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence .
Women are outside .
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball .
A dog catching a ball
A dog leaps away with a ball in its mouth .
A dog leaps high to catch a ball .
A jog is jumping in the air to catch a ball in a backyard .
A bunch of girls in cheerleader outfits .
a large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
Cheerleaders perform .
many cheerleaders wearing black , walk down the street .
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black , pink and white uniforms .
A bride and groom jump towards each other with arms outstretched .
A groom leaps off of a stone wall and into his wife 's arms .
A man in a suit leaps toward his bride .
A man in a tuxedo jumps toward a woman in a wedding dress .
A man in wetsuit jumps towards a wet bride .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
Children playing on a playground .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
The boy is wearing a blue shirt , and the girl is wearing black clothes .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
Three people are standing on the ruined building with their arms outstretched .
Three people climbing rocks .
Three people posing by a brick wall giving signs to the camera .
Three people posing for a camera
Three people standing on a stone wall .
A man in yellow sits on a rock ledge overlooking a forest .
A person in a yellow raincoat is sitting on the edge of a rock looking down
A person in a yellow raincoat seating on a cliff .
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .
A person sitting on the edge of a rock outcropping looking down
Two dogs are playing together and fighting over a toy .
Two dogs fight over a bone .
Two dogs grasp a red object at once .
Two dogs playing with the same red toy .
two dogs play tug of war for a red toy .
a man gets ready to hit the tennis ball .
A tennis player moving for a shot .
A tennis player with green a green headband on is ready to hit the ball .
Tennis champ Rafael Nadal lunges to return a ball .
Tennis player lunges to the left .
A male tennis player pumps his fist .
a male tennis player with a blue headband is holding a racquet
a man in a pink and yellow shirt and blue headband is holding a tennis racquet whilst standing with his mouth open .
A man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis .
Nadal celebrating , wearing a green headband
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .
A boy hits a tennis ball with a black and yellow racket .
A boy hits a tennis ball with his tennis racquet .
A boy plays tennis .
A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket .
A male tennis player runs for a shot .
A man has a racquet in his hand and is playing a game of tennis .
A man with a tennis racket goes for the ball .
a tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand .
a tennis player runs for the ball .
A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike .
A boy in a New York Mets shirt sitting on a toy Harly Davison motorcycle on a tennis court .
A boy wearing a Mets jersey is riding a moter bike on the playground .
A young boy wearing a Mets jersey poses on a toy motorcycle in a recreational area .
Little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike .
A group of people watching a chess game .
Many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game .
People gather around a life size chess game .
Several people are at a park watching a chess game played with giant pieces .
The crowd is watching an over sized chess match .
A group of horses and riders are playing polo on the grass .
A group of horses and their riders are racing each other .
A horse race on a grass track
Jockeys are riding their horses down the track .
Jockeys racing horses down a grass track .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
People are sitting at a park under flowering trees .
People outside sitting on the grass under cherry blossom trees .
The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack .
Young people sit on the grass near a crooked tree with pink blossoms .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket .
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth .
A boy doing a handstand in a yellow shirt
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
A man is standing on his hands on a sidewalk while others watch .
A man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
A person doing a handstand in front of others .
A guy playing tennis , two nearby spectators , and a crowd watching .
A tennis player hitting a ball .
The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him .
The tennis player is hitting the ball with his racquet , while others watch the match .
the tennis player wearing white hits the tennis ball .
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket .
A man plays tennis .
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
A man hits a tennis ball during a professional match .
A man hits the tennis ball with his racket .
A man in a blue headband playing tennis .
A man is hitting a tennis ball in a professional match .
A man with a green headband plays tennis .
A person holding a tennis racket hits a yellow tennis ball .
A tennis player hitting the ball
A tennis player hitting the ball .
The tennis ball is about to be hit .
This man is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket .
A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path .
A toddler rides his little bicycle down a paved path .
A young boy in a red helmet bikes through a park .
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a red helmet riding a bike on a sidewalk
a little girl plays with a plane .
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane .
A young blonde child holding an airplane .
The blonde haired child is holding the small plane .
The blond haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands .
A group of people in hazmat suits are standing with a dummy on a stretcher .
People wearing suits practicing a rescue in a dangerous environment .
several men in biohazard suits carrying a human looking doll on a rolling bed
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee .
There is a man on a stretcher surrounded by men in hazmat suits .
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool .
A father launches his daughter in an Oceanside pool .
A young girl jumps off the hands of a man in a pool near the ocean .
The man throws the child into the water .
The man tossed a child into the swimming pool near the ocean .
Boys outside a building .
Kids play soccer in front of a marble building with giant oak doors .
several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door
Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door .
The four children are playing with a ball outside a building .
A few people standing around and a couple hugging .
A woman embraces a smiling man at a party .
A woman hugging a man at a formal occassion .
A woman hugs a man at an evening event .
Person in black with brown hair hugging man in black pinstripe jacket in a room of other people .
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags .
A large crowd of people , some with green , white and tan striped flags .
a parade has many flags and people .
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags .
People hold flags in a crowded block .
A gorup of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large wooden door .
Children kicking ball in front of very large medieval looking building
Children play in front of a large door .
Four boys playing a game with a soccer ball in front of a large set of ornate doors .
Kids playing ball outside in front of building .
Two girls in blue dresses dance .
Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
Two little girls are smiling in blue dresses .
Two little girls in blue dresses laugh .
Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near a armchair .
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing .
A shirtless child dances with an adult man .
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors .
Man and child dancing .
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long haired child in front of a painting .
A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse .
A girl is hanging on the fence watching a horse .
A little girl stands on the fence while peeking through it to look at the horse .
A young girl clings to a fence ant watches the horse on the other side .
A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse .
A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building .
A man sits on the sidewalk listening to headphones .
a single woman wearing a black hat and leather jacket listening to music
Person in a black hat , jacket , pants and shoes sitting on concrete curb against a brick background .
Person listening to mp3 player sitting on curb .
A strange piece of art with lights .
Onlookers view picture with wires and lights .
The two people are viewing an artist 's piece .
The two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall .
Two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort .
a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street .
A man wearing a bowler cap and scarf .
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd .
A man wearing a hat is standing in a crowd of people .
The old man is wearing glasses , a scarf , and a hat .
Two boys are sprinting on a running track .
Two boys race each other on foot .
Two men in a running contest .
two young men running along a track .
Two young men run on a track outside .
A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall .
A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall .
A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti .
A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti .
A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall .
A boy holds a fishing net .
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground .
A boy playing with a racquet .
A child holds a catcher with a mouse in it .
A child plays with a tennis racket on the ground .
A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball .
A man plays tennis .
A man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .
A tennis player focuses on the ball as he prepares to hit it , while a cameraman stands in the background next to a La Quinta advertising logo .
The tennis player holds his racket up anticipating the ball .
A man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns .
A man in a blue shirt climbs a rock while people behind him in red shirts watch .
A man reaching up to grasp a rock formation .
A smiling man climbs a rock .
Man with widows peak reaching up rock face .
A climber hanging from an ice pick in the side of a frozen waterfall .
A climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff .
A man repels down a snowy mountain .
A rock climber scales an icy wall .
The climber is wearing a red jacket as he climbs the ice .
A man doing a trick on skis .
A man makes an X with his skis as he jumps .
A skier in a plaid jacket flies through the air against a dark blue sky .
Person in dark pants and print top on ski 's in the air over snow covered ground .
The person is jumping through the air on skis .
A man and a woman walk at a flea market .
An asian couple walks through a market .
A young couple walking together through an outdoor market .
A young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
People standing and walking in a flea market .
An Asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas .
A woman holding bags behind plantains .
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand .
A woman shops for bananas in an open-air market .
Woman by green bananas at an open air market
A bicyclist catches some air
A helmeted boy on a bike flies through the air as he rides among dirt hills with a river in the background .
A man is doing a stunt outside on his bike
Bike rider doing a high jump over hilly track , water in background .
This helmeted person is doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors .
A child in a red and grey coat in front of a wooden shed .
A child 's shadow is shown behind him .
A little boy in a thick jacket stands with his hand high over his head .
The little boy in the red jacket is casting a shadow .
This boy is waving around his arms outside .
A brown and black dog runs over the green grass .
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees .
A dog runs on the green grass near a grove of trees .
A dog with a brown and white coat runs through a field of bright green grass .
A fairly large dog is running through the grass
A boy jumps near a brick structure .
A child is jumping on a trampoline in front of a brick wall and below colored flags .
A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony .
A small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below .
Boy falling from railing with building , colorful banners in background .
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
A man climbs icy rocks .
A man climbs up a sheer wall of ice .
A man in a red jacket mountain climbing an icy rock mountain .
A person in a red and black outfit climbing the side of an icy mountain ,
A crowd of people sit an walk across dirty streets
A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street .
A woman is sitting on the curb staring off into the distance .
Many people are standing outside on a street filled with litter .
One woman sitting on a sidewalk with others to the side and behind her .
a man in a black outfit is riding a blue snowmobile across the snow .
A man riding a purple snowmobile
A man wearing snow clothes and a helmet drives a snow vehicle in the snow .
A man with a helmet is going snowmobiling .
A person riding a snowmobile on large amounts of snow .
The dogs run through the field near the water .
Two black dogs are chasing each other through shallow grass toward water .
Two dogs are running towards the water through brown grass .
Two dogs are running toward the water .
Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A brown dog is standing in the water .
A brown dog standing in water .
A dog stands in water .
A dog with golden fur is chest deep in water .
The dog is in the water looking back .
Two cowboys on horseback lasso a young calf to the ground .
Two cowboys on horses wrangle a calf in a rodeo .
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral .
Two men ride horses and a calf runs between them .
Two people on horses chasing cow in an arena .
A cowboy on a horse ropes a steer .
A cowboy trying to rope a bull while on a horse
A cowboy wrangles a calf in a rodeo .
a girl on a horse trying to catch a bull with a rope
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse .
One little girl dressed in pink watches another , also wearing some pink , jump on the trampoline .
Two girls are jumping on the trampoline in a backyard .
Two girls in pink on trampoline , one sitting and one jumping
Two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them .
Two small girls are jumping on an outdoor trampoline in a backyard .
Dogs run out of the water toward a rocky beach .
Three dogs are in the water next to a rocky shorline .
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .
Two large dogs and a small dog play in a lake .
Two medium dogs and a small dog are playing in shallow water .
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .
Two old people walk down a set of stairs , holding hands .
Two people are walking onto a stepping stone path .
Two people holding hands and walking in a field .
Two people walk outside while holding hands .
A man in a blue wetsuit surfs .
A surfer in blue rides a wave .
A surfer is being splashed by an ocean wave .
a surfer makes a big splash .
Person with a blue and black suit is surfing .
A man and two woman are riding around on a motor scooter .
A man and two women are all sat on a single motor scooter .
A man and two women are riding a vehicle that is racing past the surrounding scenery .
A man and two women on one motorcycle .
three people riding on a motorcycle
A car is zooming off with fire coming out of its exhaust pipe .
A race car has fire shooting out the back .
A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear .
Fire is coming out of the back of a race car .
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car .
A beige dog with a collar looks on as a brown dog swims in the water .
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water .
A curly haired dog is standing on a beach while staring at a dog in deep water .
A white , curly haired dog is wearing a harness and watching another black and brown dog in the water .
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water .
A black dog approaches the camera with his hind legs raised and his ears forward .
A black dog in the backyard .
A black dog running in a backyard
A black dog running in a grassy fenced in yard .
a black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
A brown dog laying on its back .
A brown dog lies upside down on the cement road .
A dog lies on his back on a road .
A large dog is laying on its back , outside on a blacktop , with its legs in the air .
A tan dog is rolling on his back on some asphalt with a bike and a scooter in the background .
A boy standing on railing
A boy stands on a rail with his arms outstretched .
An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure .
A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building .
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
A child outside with snow .
A child wearing a red coat and cap is holding a large chunk of snow .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her .
A shawled woman sits with others .
a small group of people sitting together outside .
A woman in a headscarf sits near children in a box decorated with flowers and balloons .
The old woman is sitting with the children surrounded by streamers .
A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse .
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers .
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp .
A group of people are standing around a red firetruck .
A group of people are standing beside a firetruck .
A group of people in front of a red firetruck .
A group of people with a fire engine in the background .
A red firetruck is parked beside a group of people and kids standing in the street .
Two men getting ready to take a motorcycle ride .
Two men park their red motorcycles near a church .
Two motorcycles and their riders .
Two people dressed in leather are standing beside their motorcycles .
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall .
A girl in her ballet class
A little girl in a dancing class .
A little girl in a pink tutu practices dancing with scarves .
A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves .
Some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric .
A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes .
A group of men walk on a street with yellow ribbon in front of a white and red building .
A group of middle eastern men are walking down a street in front of a building .
Man in maroon turban standing in road while people walk past
Many people are walking down a road in both directions , some are wearing turbans
A dog running outside .
A light brown dog is running in a grassy area .
A long-haired dog is running across the grass toward the camera , its tongue hanging out of its open mouth .
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field .
Dog running in a field .
A girl in a white dress is playing with bubbles while a mother and daughter stand to the side .
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles .
A young girl in a white dress watches bubbles while a woman and girl toddler observe .
Two girls looking at bubbles in the air .
Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them .
A little boy in red walks and eats a snack while a little boy in green walks behind .
A young boy eats chips while another little boy follows .
Two children walk on a tiled floor .
Two little kids walk side by side while one eats something .
two young children walking on a tiled floor
A man in a sleeveless shirt is performing an aerial stunt along a graffiti-covered wall .
a man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall .
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
A young man skates down the side of a colorful wall .
The man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall .
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air
A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain .
A dog runs along a forest lane .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest .
A white and brown shaggy dog is running down a dirt path in a park .
The curly haired white dog is running down a wooded path .
A biker doing a jump in a forest .
a boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods
A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest .
A guy racing his motorcycle on a trail .
A man is riding his bicycle through the woods .
A black dog and a brindle dog wrestle in the dry grass beside a body of water .
a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog .
Two dogs fight or play in a field .
Two dogs in a rocky field , face to face , with a stick between them .
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake .
A basketball team of 8 girls is doing a hand huddle .
A group of basketball players in a huddle .
A sports team is in a huddle with hands together .
Basketball players huddle .
Players wearing black
a brown dog is sitting on the grass wearing a blue sports jacket .
A dog in a blue sweater is sitting in the grass .
A gray dog sits on a lawn wearing a bright blue long sleeved jacket .
A gray dog wearing a blue long sleeved zip-up jacket .
The gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket .
A dog biting a man 's rear
A dog trying to bite a man who is training him
A large , brown dog is jumping on a man in a protective suit .
Dog nudges owner while out for a stoll in the grass .
Police dog has caught a trainer .
A black dog inside house is looking at something at higher position .
A black dog is about to sit down in a white carpeted room .
A black dog is hunched back and is ready to jump .
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet .
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet .
A black dog catches a red and blue tennis ball .
A black dog on a yard of grass is catching a blue and red ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a green collar holds a red and blue object in its mouth .
A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass .
A small black dog playing with a ball in the grass .
A group of three dogs competing in a competition .
Three dogs in colored sweaters run across grass , with ladder and hand in background .
Three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys .
Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .
Three dogs wearing colored outfits running .
A small child running on the beach
A young boy in swim trunks runs along a sandy beach .
A young boy runs through the water on a beach near trees .
A young child is running through a large puddle at a beach surrounded by trees .
Young boy walking along the beach .
A man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf
An older , balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves .
An old man dozes off near a bookshelf .
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf .
This bald man , who appears to be asleep , is sitting at a table at a library .
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar .
A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder and another girl is playing the guitar .
One girl is playing a recorder while another one holds a guitar .
Young girls are playing musical instruments .
Two girls talk and laugh together .
Two ladys laugh and smile .
Two smiling young women in brown converse .
two woman smiling standing next to each other
Two young women are outside wearing bags .
Two bmx riders racing on a track
Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track .
Two motocross riders next to each other on a dirt track .
Two motorcyclists are on a dirt track .
Two people wearing racing uniforms are riding racing motorcycles .
A man and a woman are sitting down and eating .
A woman eating at a restaurant with other people .
A Woman sitting by a man is eating a plate of french fries .
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal .
The girl sitting next to the man wearing a white t-shirt is eating french fries .
A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers .
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street .
A little girl in a red shirt holds on to a pole near a street .
A little girl is standing by a metal pole holding her fingers up in a v sign .
A young girl holds up a peace sign .
A mama bear and its cub are growling directly at one another .
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open .
Two bears are growling at each other .
Two bears bare their teeth at one another .
Two brown bears touching , face to face , with mouths open .
A white dog and a brown dog playing violently .
A white dog fights with a brown dog .
A white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard .
In a fenced yard with a white house in the background , a white dog jumps in the air beside a brown dog .
The white dog is jumping up at the brown dog .
An ice hockey player in red is challenging the player in white for the puck .
The goalie has come out of the goal to steal the puck from the other team .
Two athletes playing in a hockey game .
Two hockey players trying to get the puck .
Two hockey players try to get control of the puck as the referee looks on .
A group of men in camouflage pants , break dancing on a stage at a community baseball field .
a man gives another man a piggy back ride .
Four men dance on a stage wearing yellow and orange shirts .
Three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts .
Two men in yellow are dancing with two men in brown on a stage .
a bmx rider gets some air .
A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike .
A man on an orange bike .
A man on an orange bike jumps in the air with the city line behind him .
The man is performing a trick with an orange bicycle .
A brown dog in a pink shirt chews something white while a brown dog in yellow watches .
A brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt .
A dog in a pink shirt with something white in his mouth and a dog in a yellow shirt .
The two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field .
Two dogs fetching an object in a field .
A long haired white dog is in an area covered with fallen brown leaves .
A white dog standing on fallen leaves .
A white dog standing on leaves on the ground .
A white furry dog is running through leaves .
A white furry dog is walking on leaves with its tongue sticking out .
A group of dancers onstage .
Four men do a dance onstage together .
Four men do a synchronized dance on an outdoor stage .
four young man performing on a stage .
Four young men dance onstage .
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch .
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches .
A tattooed man dunks a basketball .
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .
A brown dog jumping in the air
A brown dog jumps in a wooded area .
A brown dog jumps in the air .
A dog jumping into the air .
Dog running along a dirt path .
a black dog running through a grassy field
A black dog running towards the camera .
A black dog runs through a field .
A dog running fast with ears flying .
Black dog running in swampy grass
An elderly person holds a white doge and kisses their cheek .
An old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her .
An old woman is holding a large white dog tightly while sitting in a large red chair in front of some electronics .
A person is hugging a big white dog and on a red recliner .
A woman huge a fluffy white dog .
A dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth .
A small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth .
A white and black dog carrying a ball on the beach .
A white dog is running with a brown ball in its mouth .
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth .
A child in a green sweatshirt is collecting colored eggs
A small child is holding a basket of brightly colored Easter eggs and is picking up a pink one from the grass .
A young boy carrying a basket collects Easter eggs in the grass .
A young child is picking up Easter eggs in the grass .
The child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand .
A man has his hand on his head while a speaker is speaking .
A man in a suit touches his head while another speaks at a microphone .
A man is scratching his head at a meeting while a person spoke .
A man wearing a suit scratches the back of his head at a meeting .
a picture taken from the back of osme kind of large meetinghall .
Two black dogs in the snow
Two black dogs on a snow covered ground , the ground appears blue in the background , one dog is jumping with feet off the ground .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
Two black dogs play in snow .
Two dogs run through the snow .
A long haired skateboarder is airborne above a set of cements steps and a metal Bannister .
A man jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps .
A skateboarder props up on a pole just before descending .
The skateboarder tries to do a trick down the railing .
a crowd of people are at the top of steps in front of a white building .
A crowd of people dressed for warm weather stand in line in front of a building waiting for something .
A group of people standing outside of a building .
A large group of people have formed a line outside .
A wide line of people .
A group of cyclers race around a track .
A group of people in colored outfits ride bikes around a track .
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits .
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track .
Ten cyclists in different colors are racing around a bend in the track .
A brown dog is doing amazing stunts in the dog show .
A brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park .
A golden haired dog is running over a red ramp with onlookers nearby .
Dog climbing up and over and red wooden ramp .
The brown dog jumped the red obstacle .
A man in uniform presents paperwork to another for his signature .
A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat .
Two men are holding papers , while one of them writes something .
Two men getting a document signed
Two men with heads down signing a paper .
A big dog running through the water
A brown and white dog runs through the water with trees and branches around .
A dog runs through shallow water .
A tan and white dog runs through water .
There is a beige and white dog running through water .
a dirt bike rider holds up his finger .
A man wearing a sponsor covered motorcycling suit sits on a motorbike raising his hand .
A motorcycle racer is gesturing at somebody .
A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air .
The person in the blue jacket has a colorful helmet on .
A boy runs down a concrete hill .
A little boy in a black shirt and blue jeans walking down a path .
little boy enjoying a day at the park
Little boy runs downhill at camera , gazebo in background .
The young child in the black shirt and jeans ran down the path .
A couple is walking down the sidewalk .
A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
The Asian girl wearing a pink and black striped top is walking next to the girl in the grey top .
Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
Two women are walking casually down the street together .
A dog laying on the ground looks up at the dog standing over him .
Black dog is submissive on ground to brown dog .
Three black dogs .
Two dogs , one lying down , play in a yard .
Two dogs play with one another outside .
A child going down a green slide .
A child slides down a green slide .
Camera looks down inside green tube as child slides away .
Child slides down green plastic tubular slide .
The child is sliding down a green tunnel slide .
A guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A man in a sports jacket with longish brown hair and glasses is getting the attention of several photographers .
A man in a suit is surrounded by photographers .
A man in glasses speaks as men holding cameras look at him .
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses .
Two boys are touching the glass of an aquarium with a seal inside .
Two boys watch a seal in an aquarium .
Two children reaching out toward a swimming seal .
Two children touch the glass of a large tank containing a seal .
Two young boys touching glass where they can see a seal swimming by .
Two fencers are in a bout in a white gym .
Two fencers practice together ; one jumps as the other crouches .
Two people are fencing .
Two suited fencers pointing their swords at each other .
Two sword fighters training .
A person in a white , black and red coat is skiing down a slope .
A person skis in the snow , snow flies behind .
A woman skiing down a snowy hill .
solitary skier nears base of a downhill slope
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .
A male hiker is standing on top of a very large rock and is taking pictures .
A man on a rocky peak .
A man partially silhouetted on top of a large rock .
A man with a hat is standing on a high rock with a cloud-covered sky in the background .
A person standing a rocky ridge .
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera .
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture .
Five men in uniform stand together near a building .
Four policemen or security officers are posing for a photo while two of them embrace .
Of these five men in police or security uniforms , two are hugging .
A bee hovering over white flowers .
A black-blue insect flying over a white flower .
A black insect approaches a flower .
A blue insect is flying near the bloom of a flowering plant .
The bee hovers above the flower .
A girl in a floral shirt and jeans stands on a rocky shore looking toward the water
A litle girl stands on a rocky shore at looks out at the water .
A little girl in jeans is standing by the seashore .
A young girl stands on a rocky beach looking at the water .
A young girl stands on some rocks staring at the ocean .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A dog leaps over a fence .
A dog leaps over a wooden fence as another is about to .
There are two dogs ; one leaps over the fence and the other tries to .
Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence .
A man with his dog sitting against a white building in the grass .
A person siting against a wall with a dog .
A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog .
Dog and owner sitting on lawn .
Person sitting and leaning back against white house while dog sits in front of him
A man is jumping in the air on his skateboard .
A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump .
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air .
A man performs a trick on his mini-race car , with one leg flying out in the sky .
The boy is in the air with a machine with wheels .
An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office .
An older woman is drinking tea and reading a newspaper .
A woman drinking from a mug and reading the paper .
A woman reads a tabloid while drinking coffee .
A woman read the paper and drinks from a coffee cup in front of an art gallery poster .
a man in a purple shirt is looking at a man in a black shirt who is pulling a funny face .
A man in a purple shirt looking at a man in a black shirt making a silly face .
a man watching another man do a kissing pose
Man making kissing face for the camera , while another man looks on .
Two men sit together and one looks at the other while he makes a funny face .
A girl in a pink snowsuit splashes into dirty flood water next to a picnic table .
A little girl dressed in pink is falling in water while another girl dressed in red watches .
a young child in a pink snow outfit falling into a puddle .
Two children play in the melting slush .
Two kids are dressed up and playing in the water .
A person is standing on a brick ledge taking a picture of something in the distance .
A woman takes a photograph .
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .
The woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall .
Woman standing on a brick wall and taking a picture
An empty chairlift and a chairlift occupied by two people are moving .
Skiers riding a ski carousel
Two people are in a sky carriage .
Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them .
Two people on a ski-lift .
A group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets .
Peolple wearing Hawaiian shirts hold buckets by the water .
People stand on the edge of a waterway striped with red and white where a large wall looms in the background .
Several people stand with water pails .
Six children stand with buckets at a racing dock .
The two men look at the shoreline from atop the bluff .
two men look over cliff near the beach .
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach .
Two people at the top of a beach side cliff .
Two people stand on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
a beige dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
A blond dog with long hair carying a tennis ball .
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
Light colored dog running with a ball in its mouth .
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
A skateboarder does a trick in midair .
A skateboarder in the air in front of wires .
a skateboarder jumps into the air .
Skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump .
The skateboarder is leaping in the air in front of the telegraph pole .
A group of people cross the street with buckets and poles .
A group of seven Asian girls and boys are waiting to cross a street .
A group of teenagers wait to cross the street .
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate .
Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street .
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket .
A little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet .
A little girl in a red flowered dress with a tennis racket .
A young girl , in an orange dress , holding a tennis racket .
The little girl in the red flowered dress and pink cape is holding a racket .
A man is snowboarding down a skislope .
A man snowboards down a snow-covered hill .
A person in grey snowboarding down a hill .
Snowboarding youth going downhill
The man is snowboarding down a slope with gear and a hat
A woman wearing black , a woman wearing white and a man wearing a grey suit sit on a green bench in front of Dupar 's restaurant .
Three people are sitting on a bus stop bench in between two tropical palm trees .
Three people on a bench in front of a restaurant .
Three people sit on a bench under palm trees .
Three people sitting on a bus stop bench .
A boy has climbed to the top of a slide .
A child at the top of a slide .
A child climbs to the top of a slide .
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
A group of kids are writing with a black marker on one of their friend 's back .
A group of young men laugh as they write on a friend 's back with a marker .
Boys at a party drawing on their friend 's back with a black marker .
Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers .
People are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker .
Children sit in a classroom holding slates .
Five of the six children have their own chalkboard .
Six African children sitting at two tables .
Six children are sitting in two rows with plastic bags on the desk in front of them .
Three children sitting at desks .
A girl dances on a sidewalk .
A girl in a polka dotted top and pink pants plays outside .
A girl wearing pink dances on the sidewalk .
The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on .
Watching a child from behind as their long hair flies out .
a brown dog is walking down some steps under tree .
A brown dog is walking down steps .
A dog is walking down steps .
Brown dog with white marking on forehead coming down cement steps .
The dog comes down the steps .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball .
A black dog looks up at a white ball that 's in midair .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
A dog plays catch with a white ball near a wooden fence .
A girl in a pink dress carries a younger girl .
A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister .
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk .
A little girl is holding a younger little girl and running with her .
Two young girls embrace on the sidewalk .
A man rides a ski lift up a mountain .
The man and woman ride the ski lift up the snowy mountain .
two men sit on a chairlift .
Two people ride up the mountain on a ski life .
two people wearing skis on chairlift
A dog running out of the water onto the beach .
A dog runs on the beach near a city .
A white dog is running on a beach towards a domed building .
A white dog plays on the beach near a large city .
The white dog by the water .
A pregnant protester holding up a pro-America sign .
A protesting woman is holding a poster .
A woman in a black and white dress is holding up a protest sign .
A woman wearing a black and white dress is holding a large sign .
Woman in sleeveless black and white print top holding up a sign .
A man holding a political sign .
A man in jeans & a cowboy hat holds up a sign .
a man wearing a cowboy hat holding a protest sign .
A man with a cowboy hat and an anti-tax sign .
A protester in a cowboy gear holds up a sign that says , " Dont tax me bro! "
A few horses race each other on the track .
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night .
Race dog # 2 is ahead of a few other dogs .
Several greyhounds with numbered shirts racing around a track .
The dogs in numbered uniforms are running .
A cyclist is riding past buildings with backpack and cycling gear .
A cyclist rides his black bicycle while wearing a yellow jacket and white helmet .
A cyclist with a helmet , backpack , and yellow jacket .
A man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle .
a man with a backpack wearing a yellow raincoat is riding a bicycle past red brick and stone wall .
A brown dog jumping over a obstacle .
A dark brown dog wearing a yellow harness is jumping over a hurdle in an agility competition .
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition .
Brown dog with yellow harness jumping over white obstacle
Dog jumping a hurdle in a sporting event .
A dirt bike flies upside down as the rider tumbles toward the dirt .
A man has wrecked his racing bike in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope .
A person falling off a dirt bike in the middle of a dirt bike race .
Bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack .
The biker falls while the boys watch .
A boy helps to push a young girl on the swing .
A boy pulls back a swing with a little girl on it
A boy pushes a girl on a swing .
A child pushes another child on a swing .
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside .
A black dog is moving through a snowy field with an object in their mouth .
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth .
A black dog with a stuffed animal in its mouth is running and jumping through a snowy field .
A brown dog holding an object in its mouth is moving through snow-covered tall grass outdoors .
A dog carreis an object through the snowy grass .
A guy on a snowboard .
A man in blue coat , snowboarding down a mountain , in midair jump .
A person in blue on a snowboard during a jump .
A snowboarder riding downhill
Man snowboarding down a mountain .
A dirt bike rider is midair while on a trail .
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road .
A man does a bike trick on a dirt path .
Man performing a trick on a bicycle outside .
The man jumped in the air with his motorcycle .
two children are playing on a swing made out of a tire .
Two children swing around in a tire swing at a park .
Two children swinging on a tire swing .
two small children happily playing on a tire swing .
Two small children wearing blue jeans enjoy swinging in a tire swing .
A guy is grinding a rail over a tree on his snowboard .
A man snowboarding making a jump off a steel guardrail .
A snowboarder grinding up a homemade ramp .
a snowboarder is riding his board on ramp made from a piece of metal and a log .
The man is skateboarding over a log in the snow .
A male rides a skateboard in the road .
A man wearing black shorts in skateboarding in the street .
A man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
A man with no shirt speed skateboards downhill .
Shirtless man skateboards down a sunny roadside
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .
A motorcyclist rides .
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a racetrack .
Number 97 races his motorcycle while wearing his black and red outfit .
Person on a red , white , and black racing motorcycle .
A girl throws a Frisbee .
A little girl in a red tracksuit is throwing a Frisbee
A little girl tries to throw a Frisbee .
A small child in red throws a disc .
A toddler prepares to throw a Frisbee .
Two dogs play together while their owners watch .
Two guys have dogs on leashes and one of the dogs is jumping .
Two men , one in grey and one in orange , and two dogs in front of several vehicles .
Two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps
Two white dogs are being held on leashes by two men in front of some cars .
A large , white bird skates across the top of some water .
A white bird with a long neck flying low over the water
The large white bird grazes the water .
White bird in water preparing to fly .
White bird starting to take flight from a lake .
A man with a helmet rides his bike on a bumpy path .
A mountain biker rides across a rocky terrain .
A person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike .
A person on a bike is riding through a rocky trail in the woods .
Man in safety gear riding a bike on a rocky trail .
A black dog leaping off the sand .
A black dog running on the beach near the shore .
A black dog runs on the beach .
A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach .
A dog leaps on the sandy beach .
A baby clutching a stuffed animal is smiling .
A little girl in a fleecy jacket holds a stuffed animal and smiles .
A little girl in a white jacket holding a piglet toy .
A little girl is wearing a winter coat and holding a stuffed animal in one hand .
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles .
Two girls playing at a playground .
Two girls playing on parallel bars at the playground .
Two girls play on a set of parallel bars .
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars .
Two young girls play on a set of parallel bars in a playground .
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business .
A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins .
A group of women wearing red all rally together .
Five women in red shirts clapping .
Women wearing red and black are clapping .
A black dog jumps at a ball held by a man wearing blue jeans , a blue striped shirt , and a dark blue jacket .
A man and a dog play with a yellow ball .
A man blays with a black dog and a yellow ball .
man playing with a dog with a yellow ball
The black dog is jumping up at the yellow ball being held by the man .
a brown dog running along the dirt shore of a stream
A small dog running on a beach .
A small furry brown dog is running on the shore of the ocean .
A woman sitting on the sand at the beach , with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her .
Dog running away from woman on the seashore .
A brown dog jumping over an obstacle hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
A large tri-colored dog clears a green , yellow and white jump set up in the grass .
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field .
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog in midair over a hurdle .
A black and white dog is jumping over a fence in an obstacle course .
A black and white dog jumps a red and white hurdle on a lawn with other dogs and people .
A dog jumps over a red and white gate .
The dog jumps over an obstacle .
A man is riding an ATV over a hill
A person flies through the air while riding an off-road vehicle on a dirt road .
A person riding a four wheel ATV over a jump .
a quad launches from a dirt jump .
Person on four wheeler does a midair stunt .
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .
A little girl climbs up a rock climbing jungle gym at a park .
A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground .
Girl climbing on a climbing wall
The little girl is climbing a wall in the park barefoot .
A skateboarder in midair while doing a jump .
A skateboarder is airborne between a white building and an American flag .
a young skateboarder jumping a trick in the air .
Man jumping with a skateboard in a parking lot .
The skateboarder is jumping in the air .
A brown and white dog is walking on a woodland path .
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods .
A shaggy dog walks on a dirt road in a forest in winter .
Brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background .
There is a brown and white dog running over dirt .
A man in green and black gets muddy on a dirt bike .
A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt .
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .
man in green uniform riding dirt bike
This man is wearing green and black equipment to ride his dirt bike .
A laughing woman holding a little girl .
An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together .
A smiling woman embracing a young girl in a jacket with an apple print .
A woman holding a girl , who wears an apple themed coat .
A woman with a pink sweater is smiling as she holds a child .
A woman from CBS talking to a man in a white shirt .
A woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt .
a woman interviews a man .
A woman with a mic interviews the soccer player .
A woman with a microphone from CBS is asking a man a question .
A bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course .
A black and white dog jumps over a pole .
A black and white shaggy dog is jumping over a red and white hurdle .
A furry black and white dog jumps over a bar during an agility test .
The black and white furry dog jumps over a low pole in a grassy area .
A little girl is sitting on the shoulder of a man wearing a black cap .
A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders .
The little girl is riding on the man 's shoulders .
The man carries a small girl on his shoulders .
The man is carrying a young girl with pigtails on his shoulders .
A boy emerging from a green slide
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
Little boy in green tube smilling with his hair sticking up he has on a black and blue striped shirt and tennis shoes .
Little boy sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face .
Small boy in striped shirt sliding out of green tube
A little girl swings while her hair flies in the wind .
A little girl with red hair and a teal tracksuit on a swing .
A redheaded girl with a turquoise jacket is swinging .
A young girl wearing a blue sweatshirt smiles as her hair is up in the air .
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .
A downhill skier in black pants and jacket .
A guy skiing down the snowy slope .
A man in blue skiing downhill .
A man skiing down a snowy hill .
A older man skiing down a mountain on a clear day
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background .
A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings .
The child is running through the grassy field .
Young girl in red top and striped pants running with a kite .
A man bowls with a red ball .
A man bowls with a red bowling ball .
A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
a young man about to throw a red bowling ball down the lane
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley .
a boy is creating large splashes whilst swimming in the ocean .
A boy with black hair and dark skin is swimming in murky water .
A child splashes in a lake .
A little boy jumped into the water and made a big splash .
A young boy falling into a body of water .
a lone man sitting on a ledge that overlooks the beach
A man sits on a hill overlooking the ocean .
A man sits on the gravel by an ocean .
A young man sits on a cliff , watching the ocean .
Seated man looks out at the ocean .
A crowd watching a dirt bike race
A group of people on the sidelines of an ATV race .
A line of people staring at the vehicles on the dirt track
A line of spectators at a race .
People standing at fence watching motor vehicles in field
A couple of people are riding ATV 's on a dirt track .
At the track , the man with the yellow 4-wheeler and black helmet , is going around the dirt road .
ATV racers coming around a corner .
People on ATV vehicles are competing against each other .
People racing on ATV 's in full protective garb
a boy under an umbrella is held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A man carries a baby in a big city .
A man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city .
Child experiences new world
The baby sees something that excites him as he is being carried through the city by Dad .
A person climbing a stone embankment .
A person in the distance rock climbs in the woods .
A rock climber is descending off a large rock
The person is climbing a large rock in a wooded area .
This person is climbing a rocky area outdoors .
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .
A person on a bmx bike .
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier .
The biker in blue is going around a corner .
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
Two furry light brown dogs lying on a hardwood floor .
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
Two white dogs are laying in the doorway of a wooden floored apartment .
Two white dogs playing in the house near a computer monitor .
Two white , long haired dog are in a hallway on a wooden floor .
a bald man is doing the splits on the dancefloor
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor
An older man does the splits on a hardwood floor .
Older man in a nice outfit and tie does the splits on a wood floor .
The formally-dressed man smiles upwards as he does a split .
a boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back .
A boy sits under a bear with Einstein 's picture on it .
A picture of Albert Einstein on a white bear statue , with a little boy standing under the bear statue 's face .
A portrait of Einstein is painted on statue of a polar bear .
Painting of Albert Einstein on a bear with child reaching up .
A woman and two elderly men are standing in front of a speaker .
A woman and two men wearing black jackets .
A woman and two men wearing hats and glassess are standing under a avrovulcan.com sign .
A woman and two older gentlemen who are both wearing hats .
Three older people stand in front of an avrovulcan.com sign .
A girl is being splashed by water in a pool .
A girl wearing blue water googles is being splashed in the face with water by a fellow swimmer .
A woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past .
The woman is in a pool and being splashed
Two people are in a swimming pool with water splashing around .
A man in orange pants and a ponytail is free climbing a rock face .
A man is rock climbing without gear .
A man wearing orange pants climbs a rock .
a rock climber with it shirt off
Sweating , shirtless man climbing up rock face .
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden .
Three children on a swing set .
Three children playing on a swing-set in a grassy yard .
Three children play on a swing set .
Three little kids on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .
A climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground .
A person hanging off of a cliff .
A person is rock climbing underneath of a rock overhang .
A rock climber clings to a steep overhanging rock high above a mesa .
Scenic view with person dangling precariously from a rock formation
A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti .
A man is jumping his bicycle off of a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti covered ramp .
A young boy jumps his bicycle on a tagged bike ramp .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp .
A boy flips out of the pink intertube while a boy in the green tube watches .
A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches .
Two boys fooling around in pool with inflatable lifesavers
Two boys in a pool with two tube rafts .
Two guys are in a pool and one is falling of his innertube .
A dog is walking on the sand and people are all over the beach .
A dog walks across the sand next to a river in front of rolling hills .
A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals .
People and dog at beach surrounded by mountains .
some people and dog are enjoying the beach of a bay surrounded by green hills .
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
A black and white dog is splashing around in the water .
A black and white dog is splashing in a stream .
A dog playing in some water .
A white dog is splashing in an outdoor stream next to a grassy bank .
A little girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt get splashed by a city fountain .
A mother and daughter at a fountain
A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain .
A young girl plays on the edge of a fountain while an older woman watches .
a young girl standing in front of a fountain with a woman to her side
A group of 5 people standing wearing name badges
A group of people posing in a concert area .
five people are standing in front of an industrial style building posing for a photograph .
Five people pose for a picture in a gym .
Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together .
A man in a grey shirt is standing in a crowded street at night .
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
A man with glasses and a grey shirt is on a crowded street .
Man wearing pass on a lanyard and standing in a crowd of people .
One man with his eyes closed standing in a crowd .
A bicyclist is riding down a leaf strewn trail .
A bike rider with a yellow helmet and red jacket corners a trail in a leafy wooded area .
A cyclist in a yellow helmet is biking through the woods in fall .
A man in a yellow helmet riding his bike on a trail through the woods .
A man on a bike is riding on a trail through the woods in the fall .
Dogs on grass .
Three dogs are running on the grass .
Three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass .
Three dogs run along a grassy yard .
Three dogs run together in the grass .
A buy is grinding a rail on a snowboard .
A person is jumping a ramp on a snowboard .
A snowboarder goes down a ramp .
A snowboarder going over a ramp .
A snowboarder performs a jump on the clean , white snow .
A barber is cutting a man 's hair .
a beautiful arrangement of flowers with a man cutting hair in the background
a vase of red roses with a man cutting hair in the background .
Barber giving a haircut .
Two men , one in white and another in blue .
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground .
A lady stands on the street , surrounded by school children .
a woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house .
Group of children and some adults gathered outside stone buildings .
Many children and some parents are waiting near a decorated castle .
A crowded city street .
A crowd is gathering in a town square .
A crowd of people looking at something .
a group of tourists are gathered together in front of the restroom in a busy city square .
Crowd at an outdoor event
A group of dogs runs beside a pond through a field .
several multicolored dogs running through the grass .
Three black dogs , two with tan markings , are running along grass .
Three dogs running through a field .
Three dogs run on scrubby grass , a lake and picnic table nearby .
a man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave .
A person hanging off of a cliff on a rope .
A person rappels off a cliff face .
A rock climber hangs from a cliff in the mountains .
A rock climber repels down a cliff face above a heavily wooded area nearby mountains .
A child being held by an adult smiles at the camera .
A child in a blue jacket smiling .
A small child is smiling at the camera while being held by a smiling adult .
A woman holds a child dressed in blue .
A woman is holding a smiling child wearing a blue sweatshirt .
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp .
A boy rides his bike on a half-pipe .
A cyclist gets airborne on a ramp .
A man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp .
A teenage boy on a bicycle does tricks .
A man in camo pants and a blue and white shirt running on a concrete surface with other men dressed the same running behind him .
A man races another man in the background
Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot .
Men in uniform run along a track .
Several people are running quickly through a parking lot .
A girl in a pink shirt jumps and stars at a swan in the park .
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan .
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan .
A young girl with red hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan .
a young red haired girl jumping on the sidewalk next to a white duck .
A brown dog is in an agility contest and running towards a blue tube .
A dog is running during a competition .
A dog runs toward a tunnel .
A golden retriever is competing in a dog competition .
The brown dog is running towards a blue and yellow tube .
A guy with a black shirt is jumping over a chain on a skateboard .
A man jumps onto a skateboard that is sitting on a folding chair .
A man jumps over a brown chair while skateboarding .
The man in the black hat is jumping over a chair with his skateboard .
The man jumps off the chair .
A driver is sitting in a Team Penske race car .
A race car driver with an orange helmet sits in a team Penske Indy car at the raceway .
A race car sits in the pits .
Race car driver getting ready for the start of the race .
Racing car marked TEAM PENSKE on track , banners and spectators in background .
A shirtless man and a woman wearing at a park , wearing face paint and laughing .
People wearing body paint outside .
The man with his shirt off has paint under his eyes .
The people have paint on them .
Two friends in a park with face paint on their faces .
A blonde woman wearing a white top and black bottoms pushes a black stroller while a brunette male wearing a gray t-shirt and white shorts walks a brown dog .
A couple walking a dog and a child in a stroller in front of a store .
A man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him .
A man walks a brown dog while a woman pushes a stroller .
A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog .
Two children are sliding down a water slide .
Two children at the bottom of a purple water slide .
Two children in a raft on a water slide .
Two kids go down a purple water slide on a innertube .
Two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide .
A boy holding a racket is standing in the grass .
A boy in a purple shirt and blue jeans is standing in the grass holding a round toy with a handle .
A boy playes with a stringless racket in his backyard .
a boy walks through the lawn .
A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence .
There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella .
Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy .
Two gondola drivers rest in the shade of a table umbrella .
Two gondoliers sitting in Venice
Two men are sitting in chairs in front of a building while a group of people climb a set of steps .
A brown dog running on the beach near the ocean .
A dog running on the beach
A wet dog in golden tones runs on the sand near the ocean .
A wet tan dog running across a beach .
A wet yellow dog runs along the shoreline .
A dog fetching a stick .
a little white and tan dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A little white dog runs on freshly mown grass , holding a small stick .
The small dog returns with his stick proudly .
The small fluffy white dog runs through the green grass with a tiny stick in its mouth .
A female volleyball player wearing a bikini jumps and spikes the ball .
a skinny woman spikes a volleyball over the net .
A woman is playing volleyball .
A woman playing volleyball at the beach .
A woman plays volleyball .
A dog with a muzzle is leading several other dogs in a race
A greyhound leaps in a race .
A muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following .
Five dogs are racing .
Five dogs are racing on a dirt track .
Three men , one dressed as an Islamic holy man , sit in a room with green walls doing paperwork , .
Three men sit on floor in green room .
three men sit on the carpet .
Three men sit together while one looks at a book .
Three middle eastern men are sitting on the floor by a green wall looking at some paperwork .
A grey helicopter hovering while someone drops in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit divind out of a helicopter low over the ocean .
A man wearing flippers jumps from a helicopter into the water .
Diver jumping into ocean from helicopter .
Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean .
A group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face .
Three boys are posing for a picture , one of them making a silly face .
Three boys pose on sidewalk , one boy holding a camera .
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing tee shirts and smiling .
Three young boys playing outside and posing for a picture
A brown dog chasing after something
A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass .
A brown dog is running in the grass .
A brown dog runs fast outside on green grass .
A German sheperd breed dog is running in the opposite direction of a person .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
Four children hold rolled up magazines to their eyes .
Four children looking through rolled up booklets .
Four children look through rolled magazines like telescopes .
Four children look through rolled-up magazines .
One man in a rugby uniform is grabbing the arm of another man holding a football .
The rugby player in the black strip is trying to keep the player in red and yellow from taking the ball .
The rugby players play on a field .
Two men are playing rugby .
Two men on a playing field , one of them holding a football .
A bride is throwing her bouquet to several women standing behind her .
A bride throwing her bouquet up in the air behind her , towards a group of ladies .
A bride throws her flowers over her head to a waiting crowd .
A bride tossing her bouquet to a group of women .
A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her .
A race car coming around a curve on a gravel course creating lots of dust
A race car with a cloud of dust behind it
A rally car kicks up dirt as it makes a sharp turn .
Blue race car raises cloud of smoke on road as a crowd observes .
Car racing on a dirt road
A group of people sing and dance at a concert .
A group of people singing in front of a DJ at his station .
A group of performers dancing in front of two DJs .
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience .
Group of kids singing on a stage .
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air .
A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up .
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd .
Several people in a crowd , some with their arms raised .
The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people .
A boy in a red shirt wearing headphones is standing in front of a roped off kitchen
a boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
A boy with a red shirt with headphones is behind velvet ropes .
A young boy listens to music through headphones in front of a kitchen .
Boy in kitchen wearing headphones .
A bullfighter skewers his prey just as he 's hit by the bull .
A fancy outfitted bullfighter and bull .
A man stabs a bull in a bullfight .
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull
The matador is struck by a charging bull as he stabs it with his swords .
A boy does a trick on his bike as other kids watch .
A boy on a bicycle in midair
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike .
A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline .
A man on a BMX bike in midair
A little girl in a pink hat sniffing a white flower .
a little girl smelling a flower
A young girl is smelling the flowers .
Little girl with knit cap , smelling flowers .
The young child looked up toward the white flowers .
A boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases .
A boy is running around the bases in a baseball game .
A boy runs to a baseball base .
A child in a baseball uniform runs on a baseball field .
The young baseball player is running to one of the bases .
A black dog chasing another black dog down a grass covered hill .
One black dog and one mixed color dog run down a hill .
Two black dogs run through a field .
Two dogs race across a field on a sunny day .
Two dogs running in a field of dry grass on a clear day .
A child in white and pink is picking a white flowered tree next to a fence .
A girl in a pink hat pick a flower from a tree .
A young girl is picking blossoms from a tree .
A young girl with a white vest , pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree .
The girl dressed in pink and white , and wearing a knit cap , is reaching toward a flowering tree .
A baseball player throws the ball .
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game .
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
A teenage boy pitching a baseball .
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball .
A black and white dog emerges from a yellow tunnel being coached by a man in a blue shirt at a dog show .
A black and white dog is running out of a yellow tunnel with his trainer next to him .
A black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them .
a man in a yellow and blue shirt behind a dog that is running out from under a yellow cloth .
A small dog sprints away while its owner tries to catch it .
A woman leaning over to help a child in a stroller with a man laying down on a park bench and another sitting on a bench .
a woman ties her little girls shoes in front of a bench with a man sleeping on it
People at park sitting on benches and a woman taking care of her child in the stroller .
The woman helps her child as the men sit and lay on the bench .
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
a lady hangs from a tree with blue stuff tied around her .
An acrobat entangles herself in fabric twisted in the trees above .
A woman hanging from a tree , her leg wrapped in cloth .
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
Woman hangs on tree limb .
A girl in a green jacket leaps in the air .
A girl in green is jumping on concrete .
A woman with long hair jumps from a stone bench to another .
a young woman jumping to a beam
A young woman jumps from one bench to another .
A baseman and a ballplayer from the opposing team sliding onto base .
A runner slides into second base while the shortstop waits for the ball
Men participate in a baseball game .
Three baseball players in motion ; one sliding into a base , another running in the background .
Three men playing baseball and the one wearing a red helmet is sliding to the plate .
A dog plays on the beach .
A dog running on a beach .
a large dog runs on the beach with something hanging out of its mouth .
The dog ran across the beach .
The large black dog is running on the sand near the beach .
A motorcyclist is driving in a muddy pit .
A person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path .
A person riding a dirt bike on mud
A person with a helmet and googles on is riding a motorcycle in the dirt .
A rider in a yellow suits drives his dirt bike through the dirt .
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass .
A brown dog running with a long stick in his mouth .
The brown dog carried the stick in the grass .
The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
An older boy chases a laughing younger boy on the grass .
Two boys are running ; one 's smiling and being touched by the other .
Two children run and play in the grass .
Two young boys are running through a grassy area .
Two young boys run across a green yard .
A girl runs past a large model of a heart .
A young girl plays in front of a museum display about the human heart .
The girl is by the display .
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center .
The little girl enjoys playing in the indoor playground .
A bunch of guys in black play paintball .
a group of people wearing body Armour while fighting with paintball guns .
A paintball team shoots
Some people playing paintball .
Speed ball paintball team starting the first round .
A group of men play field hockey .
A player in blue falls on his face during a field hockey match .
Field hockey players in red and blue with one player taking a fall
Five males playing field hockey with man in white shirt on blue shorts on the ground .
The field hockey player takes a digger in a match .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open .
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field .
two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
A cyclist rides down a rocky mountain .
A man in aerodynamic gear riding a professional mountain bike through a forest .
A man on a mountain bike outdoors .
a man wearing a blue helmet riding a bike in the woods .
A mountain biker rides through a bike path .
A man and woman in a crowd of people are having a verbal exchange .
A man in a blue sweater , black leather jacket and gray hat is surrounded by people .
A man wearing a shirt and tie , looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd .
an old wearing a grey hat and a leather jacket surrounded by several other people .
Man wearing hat , cardigan , and tie in a crowd of people
A black and brown dog eyeing a fly .
A black dog looking at a fly .
A dog looks at a fly above its head .
A dog 's head is tilted back , and he appears to be looking at an insect flying by .
Brown and black dog with its nose pointed upwards .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
A girl carries a sign that reads The Rescue while a group of people follow her .
A girl wearing a headband is carrying a pink sign on the street .
A woman with a headband walking at the lead of a crowd , holding a sign saying " the rescue " .
A young girl in a blue shirt is walking in the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign that says , " The Rescue . "
Girl with blue shirt at a protest .
A person wearing beige snow clothes is flying in the air on a snowboard .
A snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe .
A snowboarder in the air above snow .
A snowboarder is in midair above a snow-covered ridge beneath a blue sky .
A snowboarder is in the air above a ramp of snow .
A man in a blue helmet and sunglasses bikes through wooded terrain
A man in a blue helmet rides a mountain bike .
A man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area .
A man with a blue helmet and a yellow and black jacket is riding a bike in the woods .
A mountain biker riding through the woods .
A male bicyclist wearing a blue helmet is out for a ride in the outdoors .
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
A man wearing a blue helmet is riding in the dirt on his bike .
A mountain biker rides down a trail .
The man in the blue helmet is on a bike .
A man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness .
Biker with blue helmet riding along rustric trail .
The cyclist in riding downhill on a steep slope .
The helmeted man on a bicycle in riding down a rocky trail .
The mountain biker is descending the hill on a woodland trail .
A black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier .
A black dog jumping over an obstacle .
a black dog jumping over a yellow pole in an obstacle course
A dog is jumping over a hurdle .
Black dog jumping bar in obstacle course
A baseball player crouching to catch the ball as a runner slides to safety .
A boy is sliding towards a base while the baseman is waiting for the ball in a baseball game .
Little league slides into plate where rival player crouches in anticipation .
Two boys play in a little league game .
Two Children playing baseball at the park .
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera .
A group of people are standing by a window watching something .
A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject .
A group of people stand and wait to see something .
Crow of people taking pictures and clapping .
A man takes a picture in a crowd .
a man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .
At a concert , two men look on while another takes a photo .
The crowd is gathering for an event at Best Buy .
Two men in a crowd are turned around taking a picture together while a concert is going on in the background .
A group of men stand outside a glass and steel building .
Three men are looking at a wall very intently in a city .
Three men stand in a glass area .
Three people in a glass structure .
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure .
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall .
A child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball .
A little boy is holding a soccer ball
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball .
A small child wearing a hat and coat holding a large ball .
A girl in a green and pink outfit attempts to climb a wall made for kids .
A girl with a pink hat is climbing a playground wall .
A little girl climbing a rock wall .
A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall .
A young girl wearing a pink hat climbs on the playground equipment .
A large and a small dog are standing beside each other in a fence .
a large black dog chases a small black dog .
A large black dog towers over a far smaller black dog .
The big black dog is behind the little black dog .
Two black dogs are standing on the grass by a wooden fence .
a boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs
A dancer on steps .
A guy is skateboarding .
A person wearing a purple shirt stands on a skateboard at the top of a small stairway .
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs .
A bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree .
A person is riding a bike on a tree .
A person riding a bike with blue wheels on a tree trunk at night .
A young person doing a bike trick on a trunk of a tree .
Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree .
A bunch of kids swing together in a large swing shaped like a basket .
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing .
Five children are playing on a large round swinging net .
Five children are rocking in a round swing .
The five children all sit together on the swing .
A little girl in a harness is in midair on a sunny day .
A little girl in a pink jacket and hat is swinging in a harness attached to yellow ropes .
A young child jumps in a bungee seat in front of a blue sky and tree .
Little girl in pink coat on a swing .
The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping .
A black dog lying on its back in green grass .
A black dog rolling in grass .
A dog rolling around in the grass .
Dog rolling in grass
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
A boy in a blue , playing soccer , about to kick the ball .
A soccer player is about to kick the ball near the goal .
A young soccer player chasing after the ball with another player on the right .
Children playing soccer with an adult in the background .
During a soccer game , a boy in blue attempts to kick the ball .
A child wearing a pink shirt is jumping into the air with their legs and arms spread .
A female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling .
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair .
A girl jumping on pavement .
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides .
A man and young boy in waders stand in very shallow water .
Two men are fishing in a river .
Two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond .
Two men fly fishing while standing in a river .
Two people are fishing in a pond
Two boys wrestling in the sand while a man looks on
Two kids wrestle as a man observes
Two little boys brush dirt off each other as a man watches .
Two young boys wrestle in the sand while a man watches .
Two young boys wrestling while an adult male looks on .
One girl wearing pajamas stands near to a girl who is holding a flyer .
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand .
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
Two girls in pajamas indoors .
Two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms , one holding a paper .
A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture .
A wedding photo , the bridesmaids in purple , all of the groomsmen jumping .
Bridal party posing in a park area .
The bridesmaids in purple surround the bride and groom with the groomsmen in the rear .
This wedding photo shows the wedding party , in purple and white , gathered outside .
Two dogs are running around a dog track wearing muzzles .
Two dogs race on a track .
Two greyhounds are competing in a race .
Two greyhounds race around a track .
Two muzzled greyhounds are running on a track .
A boy jumps off a short wall with his arms out .
A dark haired boy in sunglasses is jumping .
a little boy jumps off a yellow railling .
A young boy is jumping in the air in front of a concrete wall .
The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail .
A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match .
A man running with a ball as his opponent tries to grab him .
A man runs with a ball in his hand while a man from an opposing team tries to grab it .
Men play in a soccer game .
One rugby player trying to catch the player with the ball .
a closeup photo of a woman with sunglasses on her head at an art show
A smiling woman with long dark hair wearing sunglasses on top of her head .
A woman wearing glasses on her head stands in an art gallery .
A woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display .
Woman is making a half smile at the camera .
An Asian boy and an Asian girl are running through a field of tulips .
Boy and girl running through large field of red flowers .
Two children in a field of red flowers .
two children in a field of red poppies
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
Three kids laugh , a girl in the middle with a red jacket and red tie , a boy on either side .
Three smiling children sitting on a wooden bench
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling .
Three young children in colorful clothes are sitting on a bench close together .
Two boys one in a green shirt and one in a blue shirt and a girl in a red jacket and tie on a brown bench .
A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city .
A group of people are sitting in front of tents while one collects belongings .
Concentration campsite .
Some people of far eastern ethnicity are sitting around white tents .
The people are sitting on the ground with white tents surrounding them .
A man is steering his ship out at sea .
A man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies .
A man on a boat and has a beautiful sky above him .
A man piloting behind the wheel of a boat .
A sailor steers a sailboat through a turn .
A crowd of dark skinned people standing outside of white tents .
A group of people stand and sit on the dirt near a line of several white tents .
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents .
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
Some people sit , and some stand in a group of families before a background of white tents with UN markings .
A family at a military camp
A small crowd watches military men in a tent area .
A woman holding a pitcher waits among others outside the opening of a tent .
People under a tent .
Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them .
A black and white dog is running on sand .
A black and white dog runs across the red dirt .
A black dog running across barren terrain .
A black pitbull dog is running through the dirt .
Black dog with white paws runs on barren field
two motorcyclist racing around a track
Two cyclists race along the edge of a roadway
Two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course .
Two motorcycle racers ride along a racetrack .
Two motorcyclists on a track .
A group of people sitting on a sidewalk .
Girls sit on benches .
The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket .
The girls take a break in the afternoon .
Two teenage girls are texting in the park .
A man in a black wetsuit on a surfboard .
A man in black surfs on a wave .
A surfer is on a wave .
A surfer catches a good sized wave .
Man catching a large wave on a surfboard .
A group of tourists stand around as a lady puts her hand near the mouth of a statue .
A woman is making a statue pretend to kiss her hand beside four boys at a bench .
A woman posing with a statue alongside a group of boys
A woman with a backpack leans again a statue while a group of boys sit on a bench talking .
Woman gets her hand kissed by living statue street artist .
A boy is riding a scooter down the concrete path .
A child on a scooter moving down the sidewalk .
A youth rides a scooter on a sidewalk near a building .
The boy is riding his scooter on the sidewalk .
Young boy rides his scooter on drive .
A bull is charging a man in an arena .
A guy is running away from a black bull .
A man in a bull ring is being charged down by the bull .
A man running away from a charging bull .
Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him .
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion .
A girl blows on a dandelion .
A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff .
A young girl is blowing on a dandelion .
A young girl is preparing to blow on a dandelion in her hand .
A family stands for a picture , holding frames to their faces .
a group of children sticking their own faces threw picture frames .
People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces .
Several children are holding up picture frames to their faces .
The people are showing their faces through frames .
A group of young women doing in matching teal outfits doing a dance .
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival .
four women dance for a crowd .
Girls in light blue outfits perform a choreographed dance .
Some girls dressed in blue perform a dance .
A group of girls wearing costumes stand in a park .
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together
A group of people in anime cosplay costumes .
A group of three females and one male dressed in costume
Three women are dressed in costumes while one holds an umbrella .
A crowd watches a biker on a wire .
A group of children watch a man who is riding his bicycle on suspended wires .
A group of children watching a man do a bicycle stunt .
Children watch a bicyclist perform on a tightrope .
The boys are watching a bicycle stunt .
A black dog with his pink tongue sticking out running on the beach with a white dog wearing a red collar .
A white dog is following a black dog along the beach .
Two dogs run across the barren ground .
Two dogs running on the beach .
Two terrier dogs frolic on the beach .
A man in a hardhat stands beside a ladder .
A man in an orange jacket and white hat looks off camera .
A man is wearing a hardhat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder .
A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder .
A smiling construction worker with a white helmet .
A brown dog is laying on its back on the grass with a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass , holding a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog with a tennis ball its mouth rolling on its back on a grassy surface .
A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth .
A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass .
A hockey team in red and white on the side of the ice rink .
A hockey team takes a break off the ice .
A hockey team waits at the hockey rink .
Ice hockey players are sitting on the sidelines .
Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game .
A man doing a jump on a snowboard
A man wearing a bright orange jacket makes a jump on his snowboard .
A man wearing an orange coat is snowboarding in the air after going over a hill .
A snowboarder in orange is leaping over a snow heap .
Man on a snowboard jumping off a slope into the air .
A girl in a blue and white uniform is jumping over a hurdle .
A tall girl hurdles .
A woman in a track uniform jumping over a hurdle .
A woman jumping over a hurdle during a race .
A young blonde woman in a blue and white tracksuit jumps a hurdle .
A dog is running through an obstacle course
A dog jumps over a jump .
A small dog jumps over a bar with its toy , awards are on the bar .
A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole .
Dog with toy in mouth jumps over bar decorated with prize ribbons .
A football player in possession of the ball gets tackled by a football player on the opposing team .
A football player leaps in the air while another tries to hold onto his foot .
Male football player in orange and white uniform dodges tackle of another player .
Two guys playing football .
Two men during a football game
A girl with a black swimsuit plays in the sprinkler .
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water .
A young girl plays in fountain water .
Little girl crouches to splash fountain water .
There is a young girl in a bathing suit playing with water shooting out of the ground .
A boy is on a bicycle , and there is a girl on the back of it with an umbrella .
A couple stands outside with an umbrella and a bicycle .
A girl with an umbrella is riding on the back of a bicycle peddled by a smiling boy .
A man rides a bike with a woman holding an umbrella .
There is a boy on a bicycle ; and a girl , holding an umbrella , climbing on the back .
A child wearing black and purple playing baseball .
A girl closes her eyes as she swings the bat and misses the softball .
A girl playing softball takes a strike .
A girl playing softball , taking a swing .
A softball player swinging at a softball and missing it .
A catcher in a black uniform on the ground with his glove upraised during a baseball game , while a man UN a white uniform keeps a foot on the base .
Catcher on the ground , runner making base .
The first baseman diving to catch a throw , while the runner touches first base in a softball game
Two teams playing a softball game
Women are playing softball and the catcher slides onto base .
A baseball player is trying to run to a base while the baseman catches the ball .
A softball player runs towards first base while the pitcher attempts to throw her out .
The first baseman makes hte catch just in time to get the runner out in this softball game .
Three people play baseball on a field at a park .
Three young women are playing softball .
A black woman and two black men outside
A woman and two men looking in different directions .
A woman and two young men , standing close to one another .
A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right .
A woman wearing sunglasses standing next to two men .
A male and female on a one seat bike ride along a tree lined road
A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .
A young girl is standing on the back of a man 's bicycle while the man peddles forward .
Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck .
One kid is towing another on his bike
A man in the back of a van takes a picture of a yellow truck .
a man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind
A person riding in the back of one vehicle is looking down the road towards a yellow truck .
Photographer shooting picture of yellow bus .
Two people sit in shadow in the open back of a vehicle followed by another vehicle .
A brown and white dog plays in the yard by a house .
A brown and white dog standing in a yard .
A dog chained in fronr of a house .
A dog stands on the grass while tied up .
A leashed dog is in the backyard of someone 's home .
Two black dogs are jumping towards each other .
Two black dogs collide .
Two black dogs fight in a field .
Two black dogs playing in the grass .
Two black dogs wrestle on the green grass .
A man in white and red tries to stop a man with a ball .
A rugby player attempts to break free of an opposing player with both teams closing in .
A rugby player defends the ball against a member of the other team attempting to tackle him .
A rugby player in a black and yellow uniform runs down the field while number six on the other team tries to tackle him .
A rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball .
a snowboarder balancing on his hand with the snowboard in the air
A snowboarder doing a handstand .
A snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand .
A snowboarder in a blue and white jacket does a hand plant with their snowboard in the air .
A snowboarder is doing a handstand with his board in the air on a slope .
Three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps .
Three children are sitting on the top of a staircase .
Three children are sitting on top of a marble stair case .
Three kids sit atop the stairs .
Three small boys sit at the top of granite stairs surrounded by brick walls .
A boy with a Mohawk chasing geese in a park .
A child is playing with two white and black geese .
A child laughs as he plays with a large bird .
A young boy chases away two Canadian geese .
A young boy runs along the grass as two geese begin to fly away .
A blue race car is coming around a corner .
A blue Subaru rally car turning a corner with spectators .
A group of fans cheer the blue mountain racing car as it rounds the corner .
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos .
Spectators are taking pictures of a blue rally car that is driving around a bend in the track .
A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass .
A brown dog is biting a black dog .
A German shepherd and a tan dog are fighting .
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard .
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
A brown dog on the grass next to a pond .
A brown dog runs through a grassy field
a brown dog wearing a blue collar is running on the grass .
A dog is lying in the grass with a body of water beside him .
The brown dog with a blue bandanna tied around its neck is laying in the grass by the water .
A girl dressed in green rollerskates past a festival crowd .
A woman dressed in green is rollerskating outside at an event .
A woman in green skates through a street fair .
A woman in green uniform skates down the road at the fair .
Girl wearing green rollerskates on cement .
A group of men stands near a tree as a racing car stirs up a cloud of dust on the gravel road beside them .
A race car kicks up dirt and dust on a gravel track .
Many people stand by watching a car smoke heavily .
People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt .
Six spectators watching a dirt racing car pass by in a cloud of dust .
A dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts .
A dog is jumping against a young girl .
A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors .
A dog with white paws jumping up onto a girl wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts .
There is a dog humping a young girl .
a lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall .
A man doing tricks on a bike
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps .
A man on a bicycle in jeans is doing an air track along a dirt track with graffiti nearby .
A man performs bike tricks by a mural .
A dolphin above water
A dolphin is jumping out of the water .
A dolphin leaping out of the blue ocean .
A dolphin pokes above the water .
A dolphin pokes its head out of the water .
A man drinking juice on a sunny day .
A man drinking orange juice while walking .
A man drinking orange juice while walking on a sunny day .
A man drinks orange juice and walks outside .
A man in a suit is taking a sip of something while walking outdoors .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path .
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area .
a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk .
A little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
The dog is running .
A man dressed in gray gear , including helmet , races a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A man in a black uniform and helmet dirtracing with his bike 's front wheel in midair .
A man riding a dirt bike
A motorcycle racer is in action at the track .
Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track
A baby boy picks at his hair , while holding a red and yellow ball .
A blonde haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy .
A small child holds a stuffed soccer ball .
A young boy looks at a yellow and red stuffed soccer ball .
A child eating food and smiling at the camera .
A little child in a green shirt eats a crust of bread , smiling .
A small child in a green jacket eating something .
A small child looks and smiles as she eats .
A smiling little boy in a green jacket eats a snack .
A woman is wearing a dust mask on her mouth whilst walking in the street .
A woman with her hair pulled up with a surgical mask on .
A young woman wearing a mask .
A young women with a pink mask over her face .
Girl in plaid shirt wears a mask over her face as she walks in public .
A boy dribbles a soccer ball in a grass field next to a parking lot .
A boy plays ball on a grassy field .
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball .
A little boy is about to kick a black soccer ball .
A young boy is playing soccer .
A group of boys in a desert playing with a ball .
A group of young men are about to play soccer on a sandy plain .
Boys play ball in the dirt .
Some african kids playing with a ball .
The small boy looks at the camera while other boys play ball behind him .
Two automobiles race each other and pour smoke from behind .
Two drag racing cars resembling train locomotives are leaving the starting line .
Two dragsters race down the track in front of a crowd of spectators watching the drag race from the stands .
Two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them .
Two rocket dragsters racing at a dragsters .
One dog is standing on the beach as another dog runs into the ocean .
Two dogs on the beach , running into the water
Two dogs play on the shore .
Two dogs run from the beach into the water .
Two wet dogs run into the surf at sunset .
A big dog stands on his hand leg as tennis balls are thrown his direction .
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls .
A brown and white dogs stands in front of a wooden building while tennis balls fly through the air .
A dog jumps for several tennis balls thrown at him .
A dog stands on his hind legs amid a shower of tennis balls .
An Indian boy looks at a black cow whilst a woman in a blue and green sari looks away .
two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
Two people and a leashed cow at a home .
Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow ,
Two women in India , sitting near an ox .
a bmx rider wearing green jumps over a dirt hole .
A man in green on a green bike is in the air after jumping off a ramp .
A mountain biker in a green shirt is suspended in the air .
A person is doing a bike trick in midair of a dirt jump .
The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the air .
A girl in a dark shirt has stripes painted under her eyes while another girl stands in the foreground .
A girl standing in a group wears a black shirt and pink beads .
A girl with black and orange patches on her cheeks .
Girl with black paint under her eyes walking , girl in foreground of photo .
The young girl with two red dots on her face is wearing purple beads while another girl is blurred in front of her .
A man holds a trophy on the stage .
A race car driver accepts his trophy .
a racer holds up his trophy .
The racing winner accepts his trophy .
Winning racer displaying his trophy and waving to the crowd .
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field .
A spots team hugs after a play .
A teammate helps another teammate off of the field .
Four atheletes and a man with a crowded stadium in the background .
Men are dressed in soccer uniforms .
The three dogs are running around near the shore .
Three dogs are playing together on the sandy shore of a lake .
Three dogs play by a lake .
Three dogs play near the water .
Two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond .
A boy surrounded by pigeons is interacting with a person who is part of a larger crowd .
A crowd scene with pigeons in a plaza .
A family is talking in a plaza standing in the middle of a bunch of birds .
Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons
Group of people in an open square with a large flock of pigeons .
Five Asian girls playing in a fountain .
five little girls are playing in a water fountain .
Five young girls wading and splashing in a shallow pool .
Little girls splash around in the little bit of water left by the sprinklers .
Time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water .
A dog playing with a toy .
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war .
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy .
a white dog is tugging on a black rope
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy .
A man is riding a red racing motorcycle .
A motorcyclist dressed in red .
A person in a motocross uniform , and wearing a helmet , rides a red motorcycle .
A racer in full gear and helmet with sponsors logos is riding a red sport motorcycle .
A racing motorcycle and motorcyclist in red leaning into a turn .
A guy surfing .
A male surfer in the air , leaving the water .
An airborne man on a surfboard .
A tanned wakeboarder is leaping high in the air .
a young man on a white surfboard jumping over a huge wave
a young man wearing a white shirt and red shorts kicking a ball
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
Man in t-shirt and red shorts kicking soccer ball .
The man in the white shirt kicked the soccer ball on the rocky pavement .
The young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground .
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .
Two dogs and a ball .
Two dogs playing ball together outside .
Two dogs playing with a purple ball .
Two dogs play with purple football .
A closeup of an elderly man .
A man poses outdoors .
A man with a red collar and gray beard looks at the camera .
An older man wearing a black jacket standing outside .
Bearded man in fleece jacket smiles for a picture , the background is blurry
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the ocean .
A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard .
A man in a wetsuit surfing .
A man on a surfboard rides the waves .
The surfer rides a wave .
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A man poses for a little girl , his arms outstretched , with a large church in the background .
A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral .
A man stands on one leg in a playful pose near a lamppost as a young girl looks on .
The back of a little girl with braids and a man in a ' plane ' pose before her .
The man is posing in front of a small child near a light post .
A man just caught a fish and it is fiesty !
A man making a foul face while handling a fish beside a lake .
A man scowling is sitting in front of a lake trying to catch a flopping fish .
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish .
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish .
A brown dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball .
a brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
The brown dog is swimming .
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A boy reads a book .
A young boy reads a paperback book outside .
a young boy wearing a red shirt and reading a book
A young child wearing an orange shirt reads a book while others walk around .
The boy wearing a red shirt is standing in the marketplace whilst reading a book .
A child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer .
A child plays in a bounce house .
A child wearing a pink coat jumps over a plastic blow-up toy .
A girl bounces .
A girl bounces in a bounce house .
A man rides a surfboard as a wave comes up behind him .
A man surfing with a mountain in the background .
A surfer is riding a wave in the ocean on a clear day
The surfer in the black body suit rides a wave off the coast
The surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background .
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet .
A woman wearing a white shirt and red pants is writing something down at a museum .
A woman writing while standing by men .
The lady is taking notes .
The lady is wearing a white shirt with red pants and writing on a note pad .
A group of basketball players stand on the basketball court .
A group of men play basketball .
Boys play basketball on a wood floor near clear glass doors .
Several men around an indoor basketball hoop .
Young boys playing indoor basketball , one team has black and white uniforms , the other has orange and white .
A man in a black jersey is standing in gym .
A man is standing in the middle of a gym wearing a jersey .
A man wearing black is standing on an indoor sports court .
A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .
Man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor .
A basketball player attempts a layup in a gymnasium .
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court .
A man jumps inside a darkened gymnasium .
Five people in a gym .
The person is in the air and trying to get a ball into the hoop .
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball .
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .
A line of basketball players doing a drill .
Asian boys on basketball court .
some young men playing basketball
A girl in pink and purple is climbing a ladder .
A girl poses on a rusty fire escape ladder in hot pink gloves , skirt and heels .
A model on a ladder in front of a rustic building .
Girl in colorful clothes and makeup poses on a building 's rusty ladder .
The woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder .
A pair of young women with an easel give a lecture to a young audience .
Two girls are using a flip chart whilst talking to some younger children .
Two girls doing a presentation
Two young woman perform near handwritten notice as little girls watch .
Two young women with a large piece of paper .
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform .
A man standing on a platform high up in a tree .
A person standing on a platform attached to a tree .
A woman on a tree canopy walk
A woman stands on a circular ledge surrounding a tall tree .
Two children are putting their faces into a knight and royal woman 's picture .
Two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts .
Two children putting heads through novelty photo board .
Two children stick their head in holes of cardboard scenery .
Two young kids putting their heads in the bodies of a king and queen
A dog is fetching a stick from a lake .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
Dog carries stick in mouth while in water .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard .
a lone skateboarder skating down a rail near some stairs .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail .
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail .
A young person doing a skateboard trick on a cement raling over cement stairs .
A group of men are playing ball together .
A group of men play rugby .
A rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching .
Seven men are in action playing rugby .
While the green team gets ready to tackle , the red team has the ball .
A boy begins to ride a bike as a man holds the back of it .
A boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike .
A boy teaches a smaller boy wearing a helmet how to ride a bike .
A young man running alongside a young boy on a red bicycle .
Boy riding bike while older boy runs alongside .
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .
Two bulls pulling a muddy man behind them while mud droplets spray .
Two oxen are pulling a person through splashing dirt and mud .
Two oxen pulling a man through the muddy water .
Two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud .
A person on what appears to be a surfboard , rides the waves onto shore .
A surfer in the distance is at the base of the wave close to the shore .
A surfer is caught in an incoming wave along a dirty beach nearby mountains .
A surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach .
A surfer takes on a high wave beyond a rocky beach .
A football player in blue grabs a football player in white for a tackle .
A football player is being tackled by the rival team .
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches .
Football players on a feild the one on the left in a blue uniform the one on the right in a white one with the fans in the back .
Two football player from the opposite team are holding back the one with the ball .
A dark skinned man plays a blue guitar on the street .
A man playing his guitar on the street , surrounded by buildings and street lights .
A man plays a blue guitar on the an empty urban street .
a man walking the streets while playing the guitar .
The man plays his guitar on the local streets .
A black dog is playing with a blue doll on a white carpet .
A black dog playing with a purple toy .
A cat watching a dog with a toy .
A dog plays with a stuffed animal .
The dog plays with a purple toy near a cat .
A group of rollerbladers is lined up on the street .
A group of rollerblading on a sloping road .
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically
Many people are rollerblading down the street .
Rollerbladers roll in formation down a hill .
Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track .
Two motorcycles race on a track .
Two motorcyclists are making a turn in a race , one with a red themed outfit and bike , the other in black .
Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track .
Two motorcyclists lay over to the side as they make a sharp curve .
A black dog is playing inside the fence .
A black dog looks through the fence at another dog .
A black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field .
A black poodle and another dog with something in its mouth are playing on some dry grass .
Two dogs play in the yellow grass with a ball .
Seven people are posing over a structure that extends over a watery area and ocean .
Seven people jumping into the clear blue water .
Seven people jumping into water .
seven people jump into the water .
Seven people leaping into the air over a walk over blue water .
A person is rollerblading on a railing by a sidewalk with people .
A person with glasses is performing an aerial trick on a post in the city .
A skateboarder on a city street .
Rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail .
The skateboarder does a trick on the railing while other people passing by watch .
a loan motorcyclist riding a red motorcycle on a racetrack
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle .
An overhead view of a racing motorcycle .
A person in protective gear riding a matching motorbike .
Number 75 motorcycle racer rides his red and black bike .
A black mother and five children in a rural area
A family in the desert .
An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses .
Family standing in a small village .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
A child in a brown coat is kicking a soccer ball across an open field .
A child in a grey coat kicking a soccer ball .
A child kicks a soccer ball .
Child playing with soccer ball in a field .
The young boy wearing a brown coat is playing soccer .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
A dog jumps over a wire fence in a dry grassland .
a dog jumps over the fence .
A small tan dog jumps over the barbed wire fence .
The brown and white dog is jumping over a high wire fence .
A forest guide points something up to a group of visitors .
A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
A group of people are being lead on an outdoor tour with an older tour guide .
A group of people pointing and looking at something off-camera .
A group of people with cameras and binoculars point and look at something .
A dog is jumping down the stairs .
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs .
A German Shepherd jumps off of a set of stairs .
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .
The German shepherd leaps off the stairs .
A man on a bicycle jumping over a horizontal pole with a crowd in the background .
A man on a bike in the air .
A man on bike is jumping an obstacle with a crowd in the background .
A man wearing a helmet is on a bicycle in the air while people in the background watch him .
Boy jumping over rail on bicycle while crowd watches
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain .
A skier is going down a huge snow covered slope .
A skier skiing down a large mountain
The man is skiing down the steep , snowy white mountain with clouds in the background .
The skier is going down a large mountain .
a woman wearing a white helmeted looking up as she is calming a huge rock wall
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
People mountain climbing .
People rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
These helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors .
A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range .
a man wearing ear defenders is shooting a pistol at a white target .
A man with yellow ear protectors is firing a gun in a shooting range .
A person wearing yellow headphones shoots a gun at a target .
Someone fires a gun at a indoor shooting range .
A white dog is leaning against a golden colored dog .
The brown dog is on a leash and appears to be playing with the white and brown colored dog .
The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other .
Two dogs groom each other .
Two dogs on leashes get close together .
A boy in blue jumps his skateboard off some steps while his friends watch .
A boy in blue jumps on a skateboard while two others watch him
A group of skaters are at a skate park .
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .
Three skateboarders are in a park .
A bike rider in green jersey races along a road .
A biker looks back at the camera for a photo .
A cyclist in a helmet and yellow jersey .
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway .
A man in a yellow shirt riding a blue bicycle moving very fast .
A man in a long sleeved white shirt is walking past something called the lounge bar .
A man in a white longsleeve shirt and black pants is walking on the sidewalk .
A man is walking down a sidewalk under a " lounge bar " sign .
A man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar .
The man wearing a white jacket and black pants is walking in front of a white building .
A boy is doing a jumping stunt on a bicycle in a run down street .
A boy is in the air on his bike .
A boy performs a one-handed trick on his bicycle by a rundown building .
A young man is pulling tricks on his bike in front of a warehouse .
The boy does a jumps his bike into the air .
A group of men play hockey in a stadium .
A player sits on the bench while watching his teammates play ice hockey .
A referee breaking up a fight during a hockey game .
A referee is intervening in a hockey game .
Four hockey players and a referee on the ice .
A man in a crowd wears a red hat and a red bandanna over his face .
A person with dreadlocks and a red hat with their face covered by a red bandanna
A woman wearing a hat and red scarf stands among others wearing similar clothes .
A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna .
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
a girl with a star painted on her face smiles .
A lady in a sequined hat with red face paint .
A woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman .
A woman with a painted face smiling .
The woman has her face painted with a red star and is drinking a beer .
An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles .
A young black man in sunglasses is smiling broadly .
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling
Smiling bald , black man in sunglasses and a t-shirt .
The smiling black man is wearing a white t-shirt and dark sunglasses .
Some young boys hang out around their car .
Three men standing in front of a parked white care
Three teenage boys standing in front of a white car
Three young black men lean againest a white jeep .
Three young men lean on the front of a Toyota truck .
A Jack Russell Terrier jumps into a stream .
A white dog is running into a river .
A white dog runs into a lake .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
A white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water .
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone .
A little girl is climbing a ladder .
A person on a ladder with a baby underneath .
A person stands at the top of a ladder as a young girl begins to climb .
A person stands on a ladder and a small child climbs at the bottom of the ladder .
British police standing at a parade .
Police gather .
Police in yellow jackets at a protest
The police in the neon jackets stood guard against the large crowd .
The police officers in bright yellow jackets watch the crowd .
A group of men are changing the shells on a cannon .
Group of men loading a cannon .
several men loading a metal cannon
Several people work on a machine .
Some men try to load what looks like a cannon .
A woman and child fly soar through the air , seated on an amusement park ride .
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
Smiling little girl on a carnival ride .
There is a little girl riding a carnival ride .
The young girl enjoys the swing at the carnival .
Dog chases ball in water .
Two black dogs playing in surf , one grabbing a red ball off the sand .
two black dogs race for a ball on the shore .
Two dogs playing on a beach with a red ball while waves roll in .
Two dogs play in the surf and one has a red ball .
Two girls in colourful clothes inside a shower enclosure .
Two girls in shorts are standing inside a shower stall .
Two girls play in the shower with their clothes on .
Two girls stand in a shower stall .
Two girls wearing colorful shirts and shorts standing in a lighted shower stall .
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
A black dog jumps into a swimming pool .
A dog jumps into a pool while someone watches from the side .
Black dog jumps in pool .
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A dirt bike racer jumps over a slope .
A man in a grey suit and helmet is jumping a yellow dirt bike .
A man on a dirt bike jumps slightly as he crests a rise .
A man rides a dirt bike over a hill .
a motorcycle rider is slightly airborne on a motocross circuit
A guy wearing sunglasses is smoking .
A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette .
A young man is standing wearing a black jacket and pink shirt with a cigarette in his mouth .
A young , stubbled man in sunglasses lights a cigarette on a city street .
The scruffy young man smokes a cigarette on a busy street .
A girl swings on a vine over water .
A girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water .
a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek .
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .
Woman swinging above water while holding a vine .
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera .
A woman holding a camera .
A woman stands in a crowd holding a camera .
The woman with a camera is looking to the side in a crowded area
Two boys go after a soccer ball during a game while a goalie waits .
Two boys run after a soccer ball during a game .
Two opposing soccer players run toward the ball while a goalies prepares a block .
two players run for the soccer ball .
Two young soccer players race to the goal .
A man dressed in heavy winter clothing becomes airborne over a tire buried deep in the snow .
A man is snowboarding over a large tire buried in the deep snow .
A person in the snow jumping over a tire .
a young man in a beige jumpsuit boarding over a large tire
This person is bundled up in warm clothing and jumping over a tire half-buried in snow .
A man in a brown jacket is leading a black shire horse .
A man walking a large black horse .
Man in brown jacket leading black horse
Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes .
The man is walking with a draft horse
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit .
A man in yellow performs a bike trick .
A motocross bike is jumping through the air over a dirt track .
A person wearing yellow is taking a jump on a dirt bike .
The motorcycle racer in a yellow uniform is in midair .
A homeless man is walking down the sidewalk alone .
A man in worn and ragged clothes carries a satchel while passin a tree and trashcan .
One old homeless guy walks by the park .
The old man has a long white beard and a yellow and black hat .
The old man with the white beard is walking down the street .
A boy belly-surfing a skateboard into a pile of autumn leaves .
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road .
A young skateboarder in a pile of leaves with a smile on his face .
Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard .
Young boy in green shirt rolling on a cart into a pile of leaves .
A softball player in sunglasses tries to avoid a mishap with another player .
Two female baseball players reach for the ball .
Two softball players trying to catch a ball
Two women playing softball , one with sunglasses on .
women playing softball in uniforms .

