A lady is running her dog through an agility course .
A large grey dog is jumping over a white hurdle .
A woman and a dog work through an agility course .
a woman running around a course with a grey dog jumping a railing
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
A crowd is standing in front of a building while holding newspapers and holding flags .
Adults and children demonstrating in a town .
A group of people holding red flags and pamphlets in front of a large building .
A group of people stand together holding papers and flags .
People supporting a cause .
a young group of girls covering her hair posing together outside of a building .
There are three girls with head scarves in front of a worn down building and a family walking in the background .
Three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface .
Three women are walking through the street in a rural Middle-Eastern town .
Three women with headscarfs holding packages , two smiling , one not .
A boxer is practicing making hits by targeting the gloves of his partner .
A man practices boxing
A man practicing boxing
A man with blue boxing gloves is throwing punches .
An older man in boxing gloves trains .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing .
A black dog chasing a brown and white dog very quickly over a lawn .
A black dog is chasing a brown and white dog across the grass .
Two dogs play in the park .
Two dogs run in a field .
A group of men in white hard hats inside an industrial building with one shooting a picture .
A group of people in hard hats stand and look at something while one takes a picture .
Men and women in hard-hats ; one takes a picture
People in hard hats are standing around , while some are taking pictures .
People in hard hats take pictures of something .
A black dog pulling on a purple object with its mouth .
A black dog pulls on something .
A dog bites purple fabric .
A dog playing with a purple toy .
The black dog is pulling on something purple with its mouth .
A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence .
A jockey in blue rides a horse at a galloping pace .
A jockey racing a horse down a dirt track .
A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop .
A man wearing blue rides a brown horse along a gravel path .
A crowd of Hindu women in headwraps .
A group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building .
A street is filled with Indian people in a market .
Many individuals with coverings on their heads crowded together .
The crowds are huge as the citizens await the opening .
A crowd of foreigners stand .
A crowd of people surrounding a woman in white wearing sunglasses .
A group of men surround a woman in a headscarf .
a very large group of people standing crowded together outside .
Many people have gathered in the street .
A little girl in pink stands in a yellow hallway .
a young girl standing alone in a hallway .
A young girl wearing a pink shirt walks through an open door .
The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls .
The young girl enters the room in amazement .
A girl and woman are posing while sitting on a carpeted staircase .
A smiling woman holds a smiling toddler in a yellow dress .
A woman and a young girl are happily sitting together .
A woman has her arm around a small girl and they are smiling .
a young girl and a woman smile for the camera .
A baseball player slides home in a non professional baseball game in an HDR photograph .
A child is sliding into home plate and the catcher is waiting .
A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it .
A runner is sliding into home while the cathcer covers the plate in a softball game .
A woman slides into home while the catcher tries to block .
A baseball player in white swings for the ball as the player in brown is waiting to intercept .
A baseball player punting .
A baseball player swings at the ball as onlookers watch .
A batter swings at a ball .
A girl at bat in a softball game
a black and brown dog jumping over two white and purple stiped poles
A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass .
A dog jumps over an obstacle .
Black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports .
Dog performing during an outdoor dog show .
A baseball player attempts to catch a ball while another runs towards the base .
A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base .
A baseman tries to catch a ball while a runner tries to make the base in a community game .
An umpire in a baseball game crouches to catch a ball while an opposing team member runs to homebase .
Two children are playing baseball
A baseball player is making a play nearby a large sign and boundary of the field .
a girl catches a baseball .
A ponytailed girl in a softball uniform raises her mitt in the air .
A woman playing softball , running to catch the ball .
A woman with long hair is catching a softball in a softball field .
a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track
A boy and girl hold hands as they walk on railroad tracks .
A boy in a striped shirt and a little girl in a blue dress walk hand in hand down the train track .
Little girl and older male , holding hands and walking on train tracks .
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track .
A brown dog in running on grass .
A brown dog is running through the grass panting .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
Two girls participate in a softball game .
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
a black and grey dog catches a tennis ball at the beach
A dog is catching a yellow tennis ball on the beach .
A dog jumping for a tennis ball near an ocean
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf .
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
A brown dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A dog , trailing a leash , chases a tennis ball across a grassy area .
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball .
A German shepherd dog is running toward a tennis ball .
A large brown dog runs after a tennis ball in a field .
A mom is pushing her two kids on the swing .
A mother pushes two children on swings at a park .
A woman pushes a child on a swing while another swinging child looks on .
A woman pushing two children on swings .
Two children on swings with a woman pushing them
A dirt bike rider jumps in the air .
A man performs a dirt bike stunt over the sand .
a motocross bike is jumping through the air between two lines of red tape .
A person on a dirt bike is in midair making a jump on a dirt track .
The motocross rider jumps high in the air on his bike .
A black and white dog carrying an orange ball coming out of the water .
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth .
A dog fetching an orange ball in the water .
A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming .
the black dog is running through the water with a red ball in its mouth .
A dog in a lake .
A dog running into the water .
A dog runs through the water .
A dog swims in the lake .
A white dog jumps into natural water .
A person surfs in the curl of a wave , obsured by the falling water .
A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down .
A surfer is riding in the barrel of a wave .
Someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard .
The large wave is crashing down over a surfer .
A baseball player hitting the ball
A girl in a uniform hitting a ball with a bat
A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball .
A softball player swinging at a pitch .
A teenager dressed in a baseball uniform attempting to hit a baseball during a game .
a baseball player in a red shirt and white pants is swinging the bat towards a yellow ball whilst three people look on .
A baseball player recoils from an action involving a bat while opposing team members look on .
A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat .
A girl swings a bat during a softball game .
A woman swings at a softball on a playing field while other players look on .
A soccer player kicking toward the ball with another player on the soaked ground .
Two men playing rugby collide .
two men playing soccer on a wet field
Two men playing soccer , one on the ground holding the ball .
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground .
A group of teens in gather in prom attire .
A man in a suit looks at a woman in a dress .
Man in a black suit looking at a woman in a black dress .
The fellow in the black suit at a formal occasion has a salmon rose in his lapel .
Well dressed man surrounded by women in dresses .
A laughing woman leans on the legs of a sitting man while lying on a bed of pebbles .
A woman and a barefoot man lay down on rocky terrain .
Laying on stones , a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her .
The two people are lying in gray rocks .
Young man and woman stretch out on stones , packages in foreground .
A black horse and its rider are clearing a 3 rung high jump in a competition .
A horse and rider leap over a striped hurdle .
A person is riding a horse as it jumps over an obstacle .
A person jumping a horse over a fence .
A rider and horse jumping a fence outdoors .
a female athlete is jumping into the sand .
A girl is performing the long jump with arms in the air .
A woman competing in a long jump competition .
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch .
Woman competing in the long jump , photographed in midair .
A biker is racing to keep up with the runners
a biker rides down the street .
A man on a red bicycle rides past several pedestrians .
A man with something orange on his helmet riding a bike in a busy setting .
Man rides on bicycle as other people walk .
A first baseman makes a catch as a runner comes up .
A person leans forward to catch a baseball while a runner comes close to the base .
Girls playing softball as one girl runs to a base and second girl reaches out her glove .
Parents watch as girls play softball in a game .
Two girls are playing softball .
A female softball player pitches the ball .
A girl in a baseball uniform getting ready to throw the ball at a game .
A girl wearing the number one LaFayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball .
Softball pitcher pitching
The girl is in a red jersey and pitching a softball at a game .
A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her .
A female softball player hit the ball and is running towards first base .
A female wearing a baseball uniform swinging a bat .
A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball .
A woman in a brown strip is taking a swing with a baseball bat at a yellow ball , whilst another woman is waiting on the sideline .
A boy hits the ball at a baseball game .
A softball player 's team watches as she swings at a pitch .
batter hits a baseball
One of the members of a baseball team in brown and white is at bat .
softball player swinging at a pitch
A girl is blowing bubbles heavily .
A little girl closes her eyes and blows through a bubble wand .
A little girl with dark hair blowing bubbles .
A small girl blows on an orange bubble stick .
A young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand .
A bunchh of people dressed up stand around talking .
A girl in a white dress looks on as other youngsters in formal attire mingle .
A group of teenagers in formal wear mingle and look at each other .
Crowd of people at a formal event .
Teenagers wearing formal clothes stand in a group outside .
A man is doing a trick on public steps .
A man riding a unicycle down a set of stairs .
A man walking down stairs .
A skateboarder goes down some stairs .
The man is going down stairs on a unicycle .
A guy riding something down steps .
A man skates down a long outdoor stairway .
A young man attempts to ride a unicycle down an outdoor stairway stained with moss .
the man is pedaling the tiny bike down the steps .
Two men walk down a stone stairway , one is riding a unicycle .
A man and a woman walking away from an outdoor market .
Many people are walking through a rural shopping area .
Men walking in a middle eastern market .
Several people move through a long alleyway near a parked motorized scooter .
Two people walk under an arch on a city street .
a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares
Two people cower in a doorway and they are both wearing jeans .
Two people hiding their faces in a doorway .
Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop .
Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door , sheilding their faces from the camera .
A woman is petting a dog outside .
A woman is petting her dog near a stone path .
A woman playing with a brown dog on a garden path .
A woman plays with a brown dog .
A woman plays with her dog outside .
A brown dog is running in a field .
A light brown dog is running through tall grass .
Orange dog runs across grass .
The brown dog is running on the grass .
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass .
A cricket bowler winds up .
A man getting reading to throw a ball .
A man in a white athletic suit is throwing a ball in a cricket game .
A man standing in front of two ads prepares to throw something across a field .
A man wearing white winds up to throw .
Three girls are sitting our on the sand at the beach posing for the camera .
Three ladies play in the sand .
Three people sitting in the sand on a beach .
three young woman smiling on the beach
Three young women wearing wetsuits on beach , two gesturing at camera .
A big , brown dog is sleeping next to a small black and white cat .
A cat sleeps nestled up to a dog .
A dog and cat are snuggling up during a nap .
A dog and cat laying down together .
A small cat laying with a large dog
A brown dog has its mouth open waiting to catch a blue and yellow toy .
A dog has his mouth wide open , ready to catch a toy in the air .
A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .
A yellow dog with a brown collar is in a field , and trying to catch a yellow and blue toy in its mouth .
dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
A boy jumping off a yellow spring board .
A boy jumps off of a structure into a pool .
A child jumps off a slide .
A child jumps off a swing set into a swimming pool .
A youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board .
A dog chases a dog toy on the grass .
A golden dog is looking at a blue and yellow toy on the grass .
A rather large blonde dog with a black collar chases a blue and yellow toy .
Large brown dog playing with a chew toy on the grass .
The tan dog runs toward the small toy that is laying in the grass .
A group of people jump in the sand at the beach .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
A group of young people posing in the air on a sandy beach .
Seven people are jumping in the air , along the shore .
A curly haired woman plays the violin .
A red haired woman is holding a violin and boe .
A woman is playing a violin while surrounded by transparent walls and pictures .
A woman playing the violin with posters in the background .
The woman is holding a violin .
A lady is smiling with her blonde haired son .
A woman and a young boy .
A woman and child laugh .
A woman and child smile for a picture .
Mother and son grin for the camera
A military uniformed man performing a takedown maneuver on a similarly dressed man .
One Marine flips another one down .
One military man executes a combat move on another outside a gated facility .
One soldier throws another soldier with a shaved head onto the ground .
Two military men practicing a " take-down " maneuver .
A girl in a red and black dress is posing in front of a mural .
A girl jumping in front of a jukebox mural .
A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural .
A young girl in a red dress in midair
Girl in red skirt jumps on sidewalk in front of jukebox painting
A couple walking down the street .
A man and a woman walk in across a courtyard with black messenger bags on their shoulders .
A man and woman walk hand-in-hand surrounded by large trees .
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans walking down a wooden pier .
Two people carrying bags walk together .
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building .
Two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing .
Two people sit on a brick wall and talk .
two people sit on a park bench .
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk .
A 5 dog race where all the dogs have mussels .
Five large dogs run through a fenced grass area while wearing muzzles .
Five large dogs with long tails play together on a grassy field with blue and red balls .
Five muzzled greyhounds are running in a grassy field .
Muzzled greyhound dogs running in a pack .
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum .
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum .
Two small children with blonde hair are playing a drum , one is smiling .
Two young children are playing with a drum .
A guy catches a wave on his surfboard
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean .
A surfer catches a gnarly wave .
A surfer rides in a wave tunnel .
Surfer partially visible through crashing wave , shore in background .
A helicopter and a small plane are in the air .
A helicopter is flying behind a plane that is performing aerobatics .
A plane and a helicopter in the sky . houses seen underneat and people sitting .
A plane flying sideways .
Crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky .
a biker performs a trick in the air .
A child rides a bike high in the air .
A person flying through the air on a bicycle .
A person is jumping while riding a bike .
A person on a bike flies through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame .
A child petting a dog .
A little girl is petting her white , fluffy cat .
A smiling girl in orange hold a furry animal .
small girl petting an animal .
Young girl in ponytail pets furry cat
A man in a black and red jersey is approaching a soccer ball on a field
A man on a soccer field , in a uniform , about to kick a soccer ball .
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball
David Beckham player playing soccer on a field
The player is kicking a soccer ball on the grass field .
A brown dog and a grey dog play in the grass .
A brown dog barks at a grey dog in the grass .
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field .
Two dogs , one light brown and one grey , play outdoors on the grass .
Two dogs playing on grass .
A couple are looking at an area map .
A man and woman are standing in front of an art gallery , looking at a map .
Tourists examine a sign .
Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum .
Two people read a sign in front of a museum .
a man holding a digital camera standing outside of a huge building .
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera ,
a man wearing blue holds a camera .
The man in a blue shirt is holding a camera near to a boy wearing a backpack .
A formation on a big field with people wearing red , white and blue
Many people in formation on a field .
Marching bands in formation on a field .
The crowd stood in many different lines in the open field .
The group of people make single file lines on the field .
A man sits behind two cardboard canvasses .
A man sitting in a blue metal chair .
A man sitting on a chair on the street , next to a board .
Man is sitting in a blue chair outside near large paintings .
man is sitting in blue chair next two pieces of wood
A dog carrying a stick while walking in water
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
A large brown dog with a stick in his mouth coming out of water .
A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
Dog retrieving stick in water
a boy in a white shirt and green helmet is riding a skateboard down some steps .
a child in a helmet and gloves on a skateboard is airborne
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard .
The boy does a skateboard trick .
A black dog running on a path , in the midst of a field
a black dog runs across the dirt road .
A brown dog running along a dirt road .
A dog runs down a dirt road .
Black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road .
A goalie is covering his net while two other hockey players chase after the hockey puck .
A group of hockey players around a goal .
Men play hockey .
The hockey players move quickly towards the puck .
Three hockey players are engaged in a game .
A person jumping high above their skateboard on the street .
A skateboarder flies through the air .
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment .
Skateboarder jumping in air and his skateboard is between his legs .
The skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump .
A brown dog playing with bubbles .
A brown dog walking across a lawn as bubbles float by .
A dark brown dog is looking at bubbles while walking on green grass .
Dog catching bubbles on the grass .
The brown dog is chasing and popping bubbles .
A man holding a bottle wearing tan pants talking to security officers in front of a large poster .
A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink .
Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda .
Two policemen are talking to a man who is holding a bottle .
Two uniformed law enforcment officers speaking to another male .
A blond woman pours wine for people while they watch tv .
A group of friends sit around a table in front of a flat screen tv .
a woman pours wine and watches tv .
Several people are sitting at a table drinking wine .
Some men and women drink wine while watching television .
A baseball player holds his bat and gets ready for the game .
A boy is getting ready to play baseball .
A boy plays baseball .
A person in a blue and white baseball uniform is standing on one foot while holding a bat .
Baseball player holding a bat .
A woman in a yellow coat is standing on a sidewalk .
A woman in a yellow jacket and brown hat stands on a path by a lake .
A woman wearing a brown hat , sunglasses , jeans , white shoes and a yellow trench coat stand on the sidewalk .
A young woman waits under a sculpture in a park .
Woman with hat staring in the distance at park with sculpture .
one white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth while another dog jogs along
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
Two dogs , one holding a ball .
two dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
A daschund leaps through short grass .
A small brown dog runs through the grass in front of another dog and their owners .
A small dog leaping , but not very high .
A small dog running in grass .
the little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass .
A bird flies low with its wings spread .
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day .
An owl is in flight .
A pale owl is flying outside in the daytime .
The bird has its wings spread as it flies .
two young children standing outside on a dirt road .
Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India .
Two young , dark skinned girls are smiling and laughing .
Two young girls are smiling at the camera .
Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera .
a group of dogs playing
Four dogs run in a field .
Four dogs two brown and two white playing in the grass .
four small dogs running through a green field with yellow flowers in the background
Two white dogs and two brown dogs running through the grass .
A woman and a young girl pose and smile for a photo .
A woman and a young girl smiling for the camera , in front of some flowers .
A woman and girl pose together in a garden .
A woman poses with a small girl on her lap in front of a flower bush .
A woman with brown hair is sitting with a little girl with short brown hair outside next to some red flowers .
A woman taking a photo standing next to a tall man and in front of another man who is also taking a photo .
Three people are outdoors taking pictures .
Three people holding cameras are standing on a dirt trail with grass on the side of it .
Three people taking pictures with their cameras
Two people are taking pictures while a third is holding a camera .
A man holding a sign with a dog on a leash .
A man in a white quilted jacket holds a sign in a brick plaza , accompanied by a dog on a leash .
a man on the street holding a sign while holding a small tan dog on a lease .
A man with a dog stands , outside on bricks , holding a sign .
A man with a sign about god stands holding the leash of a dog in a red brick square .
A black dog is carrying a red bucket in its mouth .
A black dog runs with a red bucket .
a small black and white dog carrying a red bucket in his mouth
Black and white dog running carrying red bucket in mouth .
The black and white dog is running with a red pail in its mouth .
A man and a woman holding two young boys are sitting on a park bench , posing for a photograph .
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background .
There is a man , woman and two boys sitting on a bench .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
Two adults and two children sit on a park bench .
A male does an open leg trick while doing a wheelie on his bike .
A man is doing a wheelie on a motorcycle while stretching his legs outwards .
A man with a red , black , and white jacked on is riding on a motorcycle .
Man puts legs up in air while riding bike .
person riding a bike doing a while
A man in a tutu waterskies in a lake surrounded by snow .
A man waterskiing during the winter time as people watch
A waterskier moves through the water .
Figure dressed in a black tutu is on jet-skis .
Person in black shirt and black tutu waterskiing with hands over head and people in the background .
A BMX biker performing a trick in midair over a dirt course .
A boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds .
A boy shows of his skills in bike racing on a bumpy course near a river .
A person is in the air on a bike near a river .
A person jumping over a hill on a bicycle .
A group of people sitting around a desk .
A man is standing in front of three people sitting around a table .
Four people are meeting around table in a modern decorated room .
Four people gathered around a table
Three people sit in front of a man who is standing in front of a orange wall with art pictures on it .
A girl , in a black shirt and hot pink pants , is about to hit a tennis ball on the court .
A girl in pink flip flops and pants playing tennis .
A girl trying to hit a ball in the air with a tennis racket on the tennis court .
A girl wearing a black shirt and pink pants playing tennis on a tennis court .
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball .
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a slope .
A boy on a skateboard ramp .
A boy skateboards on a ramp .
a boy wearing a red shirt rides a skateboard up a ramp
A young boy skateboarding
A motorcyclist on a green bike is airborne .
A person on a dirt bike is in the air .
A person rides a motorbike through the air .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Motorcross jumper in mid-flight beneath a grey sky .
A man riding a skateboard jumps up on a wood ledge .
A skateboarder doing moves on a bench .
A skateboarder is doing a trick on a wooden step beside a white building .
a skateboarder does manuals on a bench .
A skateboarder sliding along the edge of a wooden bench .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick while wearing minimal protective gear .
A boy attempting a jump on his bike .
A boy is riding his bike over a ramp at a park .
A closeup of a man riding a bicycle .
A man in a helmet is doing stunts on a bike .
Joggers running down a rural road in a race .
Marathon runners on a road in front of a mountain ridge .
People running down a two lane road .
Runners run down the road with mountains in the background .
Several people run down a highway with mountains in the background .
A big dog drinks as a little dog gets down off a deck .
A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him .
A little dog jumps off of the bench where a larger dog is eating .
A tall , light brown dog is drinking water from atop a table while a small black dog jumps off the table .
The brown dog eats from a bowl on the wooden table as a black dog jumps off .
A hockey player in white tries to steal the puck from another player in red .
A hockey player wearing a red uniform reaches for the puck as others follow .
A red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him .
People playing hockey on ice .
Two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching .
A leather clad biker wearing face-paint sits on his motorcycle next to another biker who is standing beside his bike on a city street .
Two bikers , one with a mask , pose in the street with their bikes .
Two bikers pose for a picture , one of which is wearing a skull mask .
Two men pose with their motorcycles .
Two motorcyclists are standing on the side of the road and one is wearing a skull mask .
a skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
One climber helps another in the snow .
One mountaineer is kneeling on the ground next to another mountaineer who is standing .
two hikers in the snow adjusting rope equipment
Two people are hiking in the snow .
A person in a red and white suit kneels down on his skateboard and rides down a road .
A person in a red , black and white racing suit and a helmet is riding a skateboard .
person skateboarding on street wearing equipment
Someone with a black helmet and full body suit is kneeling on a skateboard .
The boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard .
A bicycler is going down a ramp at a bike festival .
A bike jumps through the air .
A cyclist is performing a stunt in a bicycle-cross competition .
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course .
A stunt cyclist launches himself into midair over a ramp while other cyclists watch .
A man in a skeleton printed outfit is sitting on a clean motorcycle .
A man in wearing a mask and black leather is sitting on a motorcycle on the street .
A person on a motorcycle wearing full leather with a skeleton on it and skeleton mask .
Man in black leather on a motorcycle .
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle .
Three men are standing in a crowd talking .
Three men converse in a crowd .
Three men in white button-up shirts chat .
Three men in white shirts , one with a blue cap , glasses and holding a book amongst a crowd .
Two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book .
A woman blowing on a dandelion .
A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion .
The woman is blowing the pods off a flower in a green field .
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car .
A girl and boy with sunglasses and a red car behind them .
A man with sunglasses and a woman with a hat are in front of a car .
a man with sunglasses on his head is looking at the woman with a white hat and red scarf next to him whilst standing in front of a red sports car .
A woman in a crochet hat and sunglasses smiles while the man beside her in a plaid short and sunglasses looks behind her .
A costumes woman applies makeup while looking in a mirror .
A showgirl , holding lipstick in her hand , and wearing a feather headdress , looks in a mirror .
A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror .
A woman in a fancy costume is fixer her makeup in front of a mirror .
Costumed woman applying lipstick .
A bike rider performs a trick .
A bmx biker is currently in midair doing a front flip .
A man upside down while jumping a bicycle .
A person is flipping on a trick bike .
The young man is performing a summersault in the air with a bicycle .
A hockey player crouches slightly , with a full crowd in the background .
A hockey player gets into position .
A hockey player keeps his eye on the game .
Hockey player in red hockey shirt with white and blue accents wearing a blue helmet on the ice .
Hockey player playing hockey during a game .
A little dog chases a Chihuahua .
Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park .
Some dogs running through the park .
Two dogs are running around in a fenced in area .
Two dogs run through a field .
A man in a room with three other people holding a large camera .
A man is standing at the back of a room with a sticker on his shirt .
Man with grey shirt with a white name badge .
Red-headed man with " Flickr " badge at event .
The man in the t-shirt , with a gold chain around his neck , is in a room with three others people .
A man is heading out to see with his surfboard in hand .
A man with a white surfboard is walking into the water .
A person walks into the water carrying a white surfboard .
A surfer walking into the ocean
Surfer with board marches out to sea on gray day .
A child at the edge of the water coming in on a beach .
A girl running along the beach .
A person in a white hoodie is running down the beach on the sand barefoot .
A woman runs along a rocky shore .
A woman runs along the shore .
A man checks out the beautiful necklace a woman is wearing .
A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him .
A man with a shocked expression on his face is holding a beaded necklace that is around a woman 's neck .
The man in the black hat holds the brown hair woman 's necklace .
There is a man looking a girls necklace .
A child rolls around in a large tire .
A little boy is in a tire
Boy crouched and gesturing with hands , inside of a tire .
Child crouches in tire .
The child is sitting in a large truck tire .
A man and child stand in a yard next to a bench .
A man wearing a hat is standing next to a young boy wearing a black jacket and another smaller child wearing a yellow jacket .
a young boy and a man stand in front of a bench .
Man with children near a bench in a suburban area .
Smiling man and boy standing in a yard .
A boy is standing on one hand on the pavement .
A kid in sportswear is attempting a one-handed stand on a trampoline .
A small boy does a handstand on one hand .
A young boy does a one-armed handstand on a concrete .
The boy is doing a handstand on the pavement .
A large crow of people with their hands raised .
a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once .
A large group of people with hands raised in the air .
A room full of children raise their hands , fingers extended , to the sky .
people raise their hands .
A girl and a woman pose for a picture .
A woman and young woman pose with their arms around each other .
a young girl posing with another woman each smiling .
Two women smile cheerfully at the viewer .
Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera .
Three people are facing the mountains .
Three people looking toward the mountains .
Three people stand looking in the direction of some mountains .
Three people watching the clouds in the mountains .
Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm .
A group of children do stretches on colored mats .
A group of young girls are standing in a circle on brightly colored retangular sheets on the grassy ground with their hands in the air .
A woman teaches yoga to kids at an outdoor festival .
Children learn the art of yoga on colorful mats at a festival .
Several young girls on colorful mats stretching upwards .
A man and a woman are strapped into a circular metal ride .
A man and woman , both with red hair , enjoy a bungee-type carnival ride .
Two people are suspended in air in a metal ball as part of a carnival type ride .
Two people in a slingshot ride .
Two people on an amusement park ride .
A man in black and white is holding a ball with a red and blue stripe .
A man running with a ball .
A rugby player blocks while holding the ball .
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched .
The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball .
Two girls giving the peace sign .
Two girls waving two fingers .
Two young girls one blonde one brunette are puckering there lips and showing a peace sign with there fingers .
Two young women in identical blue dresses giving the peace sign in an auditorium .
Twp young ladies give the piece sign with their fingers to the camera .
A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear .
A man on a cellphone standing with a woman .
A young couple in a busy city
Couple talking and looking in same direction , man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat .
Guy and girl in jackets while guy listens to mobile device
These three men , two with turbans , are sitting on the edge of a cement bench .
Three Arabian men sitting under an awning .
Three men holding their faces on a sidewalk .
Three men sit on a bench outside .
Three Middle Eastern men are sitting on a sidewalk together .
A person in red is opening a red car 's door in a parking area .
a woman gets out of a red car .
Two people embrace outside of a red car at night in a brightly-lit city .
Two people standing next to a red car are hugging in traffic with a brightly lit city scene behind them .
Two people stand outside of a red car in the city and hug .
Two girls are sitting on a wooden floor in front of a large window .
Two girls sit on the floor in front of floor length windows with a view .
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town .
Two teen girls sitting in front of window with view of city and mountains .
Two young women are sitting in front of a large window overlooking a big city .
two black and white dogs running towards each other in the grass
Two dogs approach each other in the grass .
Two dogs are playing out in a yard .
Two dogs face off in the park .
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass .
A man dressed as a pirate is smiling for the camera in between a male and a female .
A man in white , a man in black with a red headscarf , and a blond woman smoking .
A man wearing a pirate hat and eyepatch smiles at the camera .
A young man with a red skull cap is smiling and looking at us .
Two men holding cups and one lady holding a cigarette .
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed .
A man and a woman in front of the yellow flowers .
A man and a woman smile for the camera while standing outside .
a red haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown haired man who is also smiling .
Couple posing for picture with white and yellow flowers in the background .
A girl in a yellow shirt is throwing a wet football .
A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .
A little girl plays with a water balloon and laughs .
A young girl holds a wet sponge and is ready to throw .
A young girl in a yellow t-shirt is about to throw a wet , yellow sponge ball .
A woman in white and woman in black are standing by each other talking on cellphones .
These two girls in a booth are talking on cellphones .
two girls , one in black and one in white are talking on cellphones in front a wall covered in music posters .
Two women are talking each on a cellphone while walking
Two women talking on cellphones , with posters behind them .
A girl leaning against a woman 's shoulder while sitting on a bench .
A mother with a child sitting on her lap and both are smiling .
A woman and a child sit together and smile .
A woman and a young girl sit close and pose for a photo .
A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera .
A lady riding a mini motorcycle
an african-american woman rides her moped .
A woman on a motorcycle is wearing heels .
A woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped .
Woman riding a small red and white motorcycle and wearing a matching red helmet and scarf
A bunch of people mainly men watching something .
A group of people are looking into the distance .
a group of several people standing around a railing
Some young men stand holding a railing with a lot of other people .
Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts , standing at a bench .
A brown dogs licks its black nose .
A closeup of a dog licking his nose .
A closeup of a dog with a white chest licking its nose .
A dog is licking its nose in the grass .
There is a dog licking its chops .
A white dog running on a rocky beach .
A white dog running on the beach .
A white dog runs with one ear up .
A white dog with a black chest piece runs along the shore of a grainy beach .
A white dog with a black harness runs on a rocky shore .
A red airplane is leaving white smoke behind it .
A red airplane that has left behind a trail .
A red biplane in the sky , with a trail of smoke .
A red bi-plane leaves a white trail in a blue sky .
A red biplane streaks across the sky leaving a white trail behind it .
An older woman and a young girl standing in front of a large bush covered in pink flowers .
A woman poses with a small girl in front of a flower bush .
Older woman puts hands on shoulders of little girl , plants in background .
Old lady and little girl stand in front of purple flowers .
The woman is standing in the garden with a young girl .
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .
Hockey goalie attempting to block a shot by Brian Nugent
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .
Hockey goaltender diving
The goalie with the blue and white jersey is sliding near the goal posts .
A boy on his bike is wearing a blue shirt and is in midair .
A cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park .
An angled picture of a person doing a trick on a bike .
A person on a bmx bike , running a course .
Young man does stunt on bicycle near beach .
A crowd of people waving red flags are passing under a bridge .
A group of people walk down the street carrying red flags .
A large group of people walking down a street , some carrying flags or banners .
Many people walking together on pavement near a brick building with other people looking on .
many people walk in the street .
A man skateboards around an orange cone .
A man wearing a black helmet and black pants and shirt rides his skateboard in a park .
The skateboarder rides near a small cone .
Two men racing each other on skateboards .
Two skateboarders , one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .
A child spins on a merry-go-round .
Childern are playing on a merry go round as adults on a bench watch them .
Children play on a merry-go-round as adults look on from a bench .
Fathers watch as their children enjoy the spinning merry-go-round .
Two kids sit in the middle of a playground toy that spins around them .
A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether .
A person rock climbing and another man on the ground holding the rope .
One person is rock climbing while another person is holding the rope and watching from below .
Two people are rock climbing .
Two rock climbers near the base of a rock face .
A girl doing the splits in the air while jumping on a trampoline .
a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
Girl in black and white top and black leggings jumping on trampoline .
The girl is jumping on a trampoline , outdoors in a backyard .
Young woman jumping on trampoline .
A boy on a skateboard balances on a red beam .
A boy wearing jeans and red sneakers is balancing on a red bar .
A skateboarder balances on a red rail .
A skateboarder sliding on a rail .
A teenage boy grinds his skateboard over a red rail .
a man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
A man in a sports uniform kicking a soccer ball while other players follow him
A soccer player in blue is striking the ball whilst being pursued by a player in green .
A soccer player in blue uniform attempts to make a play with a player in green closing in .
Man in blue shirt kicks soccer ball .
A person in a white shirt grinding a skateboard down a long rail in a skate park .
A person in a white shirt skateboarding off a rail .
A skateboarder grinds down a long rail .
A skateboarder rides down a rail .
A skateboarder riding a rail .
The two dogs are running on the grass .
Two brown dogs are running on the grass .
Two dogs are running together through mowed grass .
Two dogs , one brown and one brown and white , running in a yard .
Two dogs play together in the yard .
A boy skateboards on a wooden bench .
A person rides a skateboard off of a wooden bench .
a skateboarder grinds a bench .
Person skateboarding on a wooden bench .
The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench .
A closeup of two boys playing soccer in their team uniforms .
A goalie lays on the ground after catching a soccer ball .
The boy in goal is gathering up the soccer ball in his arms as another boy runs towards him .
Two children playing soccer .
Two kids are playing soccer together .
A girl twirls in a pink dress .
A little girl dancing in a pink and green dress .
A little girl twirls around in a flowery dress .
A young girl in a pink dress is dancing .
Blonde girl in green dress with pink flowers .
There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street .
three girls dressed up dancing on city street
Three women dance down the city street .
Three women dancing in a city street .
Three women in festive dresses are dancing in a large city street while a large crowd is behind them holding up a banner .
A biker is racing downhill .
A biker prepares to go down a hill .
A person in a biking suit rides a bike down a hill .
A person in a blue biking uniform is ridding a dirt bike on a grassy track .
A person riding a bicycle travels down an overgrown hill .
A gondola is steered through the canals with other boats around .
A man is steering a gondola with people in it down a river with buildings all around .
a man rowing a ganilla down a watery path
Man in a gondola in a canal .
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal .
a man kneeling on the ground surrounded by several cats
A man on the street surrounded by cats .
Man caring for several cats on the sidewalk .
Person dressed in black with a blue hat next to several cats outside .
The man kneeled down and the cats circled him .
A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game .
A player tackling his opponent in a game of rugby .
A soccer player in red being tackled by a soccer player in green .
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
Rugby players tackling each other .
A cyclist is leaning his bicycle up on its front wheel .
A guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park .
A man is doing a bicycle trick at a bike park with ramps .
A man on a BMX bike is performing a trick .
Man doing stunt on bike in a skate park .
A man in a white shirt is airborne .
A man , low to the ground , rolls down a ramp on a skateboard .
A man skateboards in a warehouse .
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp .
A skateboarder in midair above an indoor ramp .
A dog chases a toy in the grass with its owner in the background .
A dog chases a white animal on a green lawn .
A dog playing outside in the grass .
A golden dog is running across the grass chasing a white toy on the ground .
The brown dog is running outside on the grass .
A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string .
A white and black dog chases after a decoy-animal on a string .
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
The white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass .
The white dog is running in the green grass .
A black dog jumping .
A dog leaping on pavement .
a dog runs across the street .
A gray dog jumps through the air over a gravel path .
The furry brown dog is jumping on the concrete .
A girl in a pink flower dress .
A girl outdoors near picnic tables .
A young girl holds her hair as the wind blows .
A young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk .
A young girl wearing a pink floral outfit walks down the sidewalk .
One person is tumbling on the ground next to another person with his shoes off .
Two boys , one is climbing a roof , the other is bending down looking at the ground .
Two children playing on rocks
two people climbing some sort of object in the distance
Two young people at park .
A girl has just jumped into the water as evident by the air bubbles around her .
A lady in a blue swimsuit is swimming underwater .
A person has just dove into a body of water and bubbles are going up .
A woman diving in a blue swimsuit .
a woman dives into the water .
A man snowboards .
A red-clothed snowboarder is performing an aerial trick .
A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain .
A snowboarder is in the air .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air over a snow slope .
A man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
A man wearing a grey shirt is doing a skateboard trick on stairs .
a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center .
A skateboarder jumping down the stairs .
The boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps , surrounded by graffiti covered walls .
Brown dog and German shepherd standing near each other in the grass near water .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field in a park with a lake in the background .
Two dogs play in a field .
Two large dogs run in green grass with water in the background .
A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures .
Asian spectators .
Many people are crowded together , with a couple of them looking upwards .
People looking up at the sky at something .
two people in a crowd are looking up
A horse leaps over a fence while a rider hangs on .
Man riding a horse jumping over a wooden fence .
Person in a yellow helmet is jumping a brown horse over a fence .
The horse and rider are jumping over a fence .
The horse and rider jump a fence .
Two black dogs are facing each other showing their teeth .
two brown and black dogs growling at each other .
Two brown dogs barking at each other .
Two dogs bare their teeth and bark .
Two dogs on the grass , barking at each other .
A black dog and a brown dog with a yellow foam soccer ball toy on a grassy field
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball .
Two dogs on a lawn play with a plastic toy , in a distorted photograph .
Two dogs , one brown one black with a yellow toy , black dog has mouth open and brown dog has the toy .
Two dogs run to catch a yellow soccer ball .
A man with an electric guitar and long hair leans towards another musician .
A woman in white lighting talks to a man lit in green .
The spotlight is on a guitarist who is playing in a band .
Two musicians are on a stage , one plays the bass guitar .
Two people perform on a stage with electric guitars .
A man playing cricket , his bat pointed to the sky .
Man dressed in white playing sports .
The cricketer is swinging a bat in the air .
The man wearing knee protectors swings a cricket club .
The man wearing white clothes and white leg padding is practicing a sport .
A horse and rider jumping a small fence .
a horse and rider jump over a fence .
A horse jumps over a wooden fence .
A jockey on a horse jumps a fence .
A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence .
A man demonstrates how to ride a bicycle with only the back wheel on the ground .
A man in a red outfit balances on a bike .
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright .
A man wearing red and black is balancing himself on the back wheels of a bicycle that is pointing up .
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel .
A man dressed in a green jacket is playing piano while a woman sings .
A man is sitting in front of a harpsichord , and a woman is preparing to sing .
A person playing the piano with a singer nearby .
A pianist and a singer are ready to perform .
The man in the green jacket is playing the piano next to a woman who is by a music stand .
A lady laughs as she and a man drink coffee .
A man and a girl are sitting down and have a drink .
A man and a woman are drinking from ceramic cups in front of a brick wall .
a woman in black is sitting next to a man wearing glasses in a coffee shop .
People sitting in building having drinks
A child alone on a beach holding a pail .
A child with a green bucket on the beach .
A little boy holds a green bucket on the beach .
A little boy with a green bucket standing in front of a blanket .
A young boy carries a green bucket on a sandy beach with a cloudy sky overhead .
A girl looking away while holding a jacket .
A woman carrying a purse and a pink jacket is standing .
A woman in a blue shirt looks unhappy .
A young lady looking disgusted wearing a blue shirt .
The woman in the blue top is holding a pink jacket in her arms
A man in all black is using a green bike to trick over a sign saying , " Free Dinner " .
A man is jumping on a green bicycle over a sign that says ' free dinner ' .
A man jumping a sign on his bike .
A man on a bicycle is jumping over a sign that says " free dinner " .
boy on bike jumping over a sign
A girl wearing red and blue clothing poses for a man kneeling to take her picture .
A man takes a picture of a girl with a patriotic outfit .
A person taking a photograph of a child in a colourful outfit .
A young girl in red poses for a camera .
A young girl posing for a man to take a photograph near a parking lot .
A black dog jumps up to catch a white ball .
A dog catches a ball in the air
A dog catches a toy outside of a brick house .
A dog leaps to catch a ball .
The big black dog is jumping up in the air to catch a ball .
A brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball .
A dog jumps to catch a toy near a brick house .
A dog stands on its hind legs to catch a ball in its mouth .
The brown dog jumps up to catch the ball .
The leashed dog jumps high to catch the old soccer ball .
A boxer in black trunks taking a swing at a boxer in white trunks .
a man in black shorts is boxing against and man in white shorts .
A man wearing black boxing shorts and white boxing gloves and a man in white boxing shorts and white boxing gloves are fighting in the ring .
Two boxers fight in a well-lit ring surrounded by poorly-lit seating .
Two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves .
A black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing .
Black and white man boxing .
Two boxers are fighting .
Two men box .
Two men boxing in a match .
A group of kids play around in water .
Children swimming in brown riverwater .
These three young boys are posing in a body of water .
Three children are playing together in some water .
Three Indian children playing in water .
The taller man is trying to block the shorter man .
Two boxers fiercely attacking each other .
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring .
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink .
A boy soccer player running down the field .
A small boy wearing red runs towards a soccer ball .
A young boy dressed in a red uniform kicks the soccer ball on the field as another child in blue watches from behind .
A young boy wearing a red uniform lines up to kick a soccer ball .
Little boy in red getting ready to kick soccer ball while other boy watches .
A black and brown dog has rope in its mouth .
A dog jumps to catch a rope toy .
A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass .
A large dog is running on the grass with a rope in its mouth .
The dog is running with a rope toy .
A crowd of people gathered together and one woman is standing and holding a sign .
A group of fans gather for some type of event .
Asian crowd with attractive woman in foreground
Girl in a black and red shirt is standing up with a pole in her hand surrounded by people .
Young woman standing above a crowd .
A group of children playing soccer and talking outside a restaurant .
A group of people playing soccer in a less developed part of town .
several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
Six boys are sitting and playing in a run down area .
The children are talking and playing in the street .
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall .
a person swimming in a pretty lake with a waterfall in the background
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall .
A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall .
A person swims in a pool by a waterfall .
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight .
A bald man plays guitar while a spotlight is on him .
A man plays guitar next to a drummer .
An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar .
The gutarist upfront is under a spotlight , and the drummer in the back is under one too .
A man with a double bass and a man with a mandolin play music .
A seated man playing a small guitar next to a standing man plucking a bass .
one man sitting playing a small guitar while another man is standing playing a large chello .
The two gentleman are playing stringed instruments .
two men play instruments .
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cellphone with other people behind him .
A man in a helmet holding a cellphone .
A man in a plaid shirt with a red and black bike helmet on his cellphone .
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cellphone with other people in the background .
A man with a bicycle helmet on is using a cellphone in the midst of a crowd .
Three men are sitting inside of a store while the green neon lights flash on them from outside .
Three men seated looking through glass accented by green light
Three men sit at the counter in a restaurant .
Three men sit down in a building illuminated with green light .
Three men sitting behind a window ringed with green neon lights .
Two dogs are facing each other on the grass beside a wooden fence .
Two dogs play in grass .
two dogs play together .
Two puppies playfully nip and chase each other .
Two tan dogs , one larger than the other , interact in a grassy yard enclosed by a wooded fence .
A boy leaps off his skateboard over some steps near a house .
A person wearing a red shirt jumps with a skateboard over the steps .
A skateboarder is jumping down three steps .
Kid riding skateboard down the stairs .
The boy is skateboarding on the stairs .
The three people are dancing on a wood floor in kitchen clothing .
Three dancers dancing in housekeeping clothes .
Three people dance together to prepare for a show
Two girls and a boy perform a dance .
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef .
Adults and children are playing with water balloons in the street .
A group of people play a game in the road .
A group of people play a game in the street , passing balloons to one another
People passing water balloons in the street
The early stages of a water balloons toss .
A bird with a bug in its mouth .
A black and yellow bird is eating a worm while resting on the grassy ground .
A black and orange bird in the grass
A black bird with a yellow beak standing in green grass .
A brown bird is standing still in a grassy field .
A group of people standing in the street
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street .
Group of children in the street .
Woman in white pants and turquoise tank top faces away .
Women and children are playing on a paved road .
A jogger in red shorts is in the street .
A man looks like he 's in pain as he runs in a race .
A man running .
A runner makes a face during a race because he is in pain .
A runner winces as he runs .
A child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline .
A little boy wearing red jumps into the air .
A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline .
A man in a yellow helmet climbs up a rock cliff .
a man wearing a yellow helmet climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A man wearing a yellow helmet tries to climb a rock with his hands .
A mountain climber reaches the top of a cliff .
A person wearing a yellow helmet is climbing a cliff .
A small boat carrying two people moves through the water .
People in a brown boat float down the street of a city built on water .
Three men are riding a boat through along a canal between buildings .
Three men are riding in a wooden boat in the middle of a city .
Three men on wooden boat in front of buildings
A man does a skateboard trick on snowy ground .
A skateboarder in black , brown , and white is grinding his skateboard along a low rail
A young man rides a skateboard along a metal pole .
The skater rides his board on the pipe .
The young man is riding a skateboard and performing a trick .
The two children are in the bed with comic books .
two boys reading superhero books
Two boys read spiderman and xmen comic books .
Two children read in bed .
Two young boys read comic books in bed .
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
A black and white dog swimming .
A black and white dog swims in blue water .
A small black and white dog is swimming in water .
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water .
A child steps up on a playground toy as arms reach for her .
A girl climbs the stairway of a playground as arms reach for her .
An adult is encouraging a young girl to try the slide .
A small child is climbing up playground equipment while hands reach toward her from behind bars .
The girl is at the park playing on the jungle gym .
a boy with a blue helmet is riding a bike
A young boy has his mouth open as he rides his bike outdoors past a stone wall .
A young boy is riding a bike .
A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park .
The boy with the red and blue helmet rides his bicycle .
There are two girls sitting at a table reading menus while the waiter stands at the table .
Two girls look at a menu with unhappy faces as the waiter takes their orders .
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter .
two women looking at menus with waiter at table
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table .
A couple kissing on the neck on a busy street .
A man embraces a woman on a crowded street .
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
Man kisses girl on neck
Man kissing a woman 's neck on a busy sidewalk .
A person behind some bags inside an igloo .
a snowy cave full of luggage
Inside the igloo , the young man gets ready for his overnight stay .
Some backpacks piled up in an ice cave with a person dressed in black in the background .
There is something visible through the hole in the wall .
A man is skiing down a mountain with another large mountain behind him and a river between the mountains .
A man is skiing down a snowy hill with a large mountain in the background .
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain .
A person skis down a snowy mountain .
A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .
A group of people sit on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them .
A middle aged black man is sitting down looking straight in our direction .
Four adults are sitting on a ledge overlooking mountains .
Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings .
Four people sitting on low cement ledge .
A female hurdle-jumper is caught in midair clearing a hurdle in a track-and-field setting .
A girl in a yellow shirt jumping over a hurdle .
A girl in a yellow tank top jumping a blue hurdle with people in the background .
A girl is jumping a hurdle and about to touch ground .
A woman is jumping over a hurdle on a track in front of a grassy field with people on it .
An adult and a child sitting down and both are biting their finger nails .
An older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress .
An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth .
An old woman with a big bag in her lap sits next to a little girl in a stripe , orange dress .
A young girl with two fingers in her mouth sitting next to an older woman .
A man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch .
A man throwing a ball for a dog .
A man throwing a red stick for a dog to fetch .
A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .
The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .
A man in a red jacket is sitting on a bench whilst cooking a meal .
A man is sitting on a bench , cooking some food .
A man sits on a bench .
A man wearing a red jacket is sitting on a wooden bench and is cooking something in a small pot .
a man wearing a red jacket sitting on a bench next to various camping items
A man in a baseball cap does a skateboard jump on a half pipe .
A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day .
Skateboarder with black and white hat performing an ollie in a skate park .
The skateboarder is doing a trick off the side of a half pipe
An inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones .
A person in red pants wearing in line skates weaves through green cones .
A person is performing a rollerblading trick as other people skate and run nearby .
A woman rollerblading around green cones .
A woman skates while others run on a path .
A golden retriever nurses puppies .
A white dog nurses her pups .
Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies .
The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket .
The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups .
A closeup of a hummingbird .
A closeup of a hummingbird flying .
A hummingbird hovers in the air .
Close-up of a hummingbird .
The bird that is flying has a very long beak .
A dirt bike racer takes offf as others watch .
A motocross rider is traveling along a dirt path with people watching .
A person on a dirt bike is riding up a hill while people watch on the side .
A person riding a dirt bike .
Person riding dirt bike on track while others stand by track
A woman bicycles down the hill on a dirt trail .
A woman biking downhill .
A woman is riding down a dirt trail on her bike .
Man riding a bike down a dirt hill .
Woman in blue workout attire and helmet rides through dirt path
A swan is above water .
A swan landing in a lake .
A swan taking off from the water .
A white swan is skimming across the surface of the water .
The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water .
A black and white dog running through shallow water .
A black dog is running on water .
A black dog running through water .
Black dog with white feet running into a lake .
The black dog is running through water .
Two men in camouflage pants are running past a parking lot .
Two men in camouflage pants are running past a parking lot .
Two men run through a parking lot wearing camouflage pants .
Two men wearing army pants are running next to a fence .
Two soldiers are running down a track .
A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background .
A little boy kisses a little girl while sitting on hay bales surrounded by Halloween decorations .
A little boy kissing a girl on a stack of hay .
Two children are sitting on bales of hay in a Halloween themed setting .
Two children are sitting on hay in front of pumpkins and play witches .
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air .
A child who is celebrating their graduation in a field .
A young child dressed in a graduation gown is throwing a graduation cap in the air .
A young girl throws her graduation cap into the air .
Young girl in red graduation suit flings her hat upward into the field .
Several men walking past a tent notice a sign .
Three men in white outfits walk in front of a fundraising tent .
Three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it .
Three men walking next to a tent with a billboard sign on it .
Three young men in white walking near tented area with banner advertisement .
Two black dogs are fighting over a toy
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
Two black dogs fighting over an orange toy .
A girl is standing on a snowy cliff .
A girl standing on a snowy hillside .
a person in a blue tracksuit carrying a package is standing on a snowy mountain
A woman in blue stands on a cliff 's edge holding a shopping bag .
This person , dressed in blue , is standing on a snowy mountain .
A crowd of people are standing around a yellow-suited musician .
A man in yellow set up a band next to a crowd .
A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments .
Man in yellow-gold suit and hat leaning forward with musical instruments to his right .
The man in the yellow suit stands near musical instruments and a crowd .
A small girl , wearing a pink top and jeans , stands on a field , with others in the background .
A small white skinned girl in a pink top and jeans stands on a soccer field .
A young girl in blue jeans and a red shirt is in the green grass .
A young girl smiles in a field .
Girl in pink top dancing in a field ,
A man in a flowered bathing suit waterskies on one ski while being pulled by a rope .
A man is doing a jump on a wakeboard in the water .
A man on a waterski is performing a jump in the air .
A man riding a wakeboard on a lake
A man waterskiing through the air near a dock .
A boy and a girl are standing near the water on a beach .
A girl in a cowboy hat and a boy standing on the ocean shore
A young boy and girl posing on the beach .
The boy and girl are standing in front of the ocean and mountains .
The boy in the gray t-shirt is standing next to the girl in the green dress and cowboy hat on the beach .
A man is fixing the wheel of a bicycle inside a cycling store .
A man works in a bike shop .
A woman in a bicycle store where two men are working on a bike .
A woman in a red shirt is examining one of many bicycles while a man in a blue shirt is adjusting a wheel .
People shopping in a bike shop .
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna running very fast .
A small white dog running
A small white dog running across a lawn .
A white and tan dog runs along the green grass .
The small dogs runs in the yard .
Two cricket players holding their sticks in the air .
Two field hockey players with their sticks in the air
two men each carrying a stick playing a sport competition
Two men playing hockey .
Two men play lacrosse or field hockey .
Four people posing for a photo in front of a pond .
Four young people stand near a bike with two flags on it .
This is a picture of three young men , dressed in suits with one on a bike , and of a young lady wearing a white dress .
Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field .
Three smartly dressed man and woman are standing beside a bicycle on the grass .
A dirt biker aggitates dirt on a four wheeler .
A man is riding a four wheeler through some dirt .
A person drives an ATV through mud .
A person on an all-terrain vehicle , sending up clouds of dust .
A quad sends dirt flying into the air .
A bunch of children sitting in chairs and standing on wooden floors .
A group of children sit , stand , and kneel along a wall .
A group of children sitting on folding chairs and playing .
a young group of children sitting in a row against the wall .
The kids talking while sitting on a row of chairs along the wall .
A boy standing on a tricycle .
A little baby on a tricycle seems to not be wearing any clothes .
A toddler looking behind him while standing on a red tricycle .
The child stand on the seat of his trike in the park .
The small child is standing on a tricycle .
A lacross player hitting an oppenents stick .
A man in a red and white jersey is hitting a man in a blue and white jersey during a field hockey game .
A man in a red uniform swings while another in a blue uniform jumps and others look on .
Two field hockey players collide .
Two men attempt to hit a ball on a sports field with their team members standing by .
A man skateboarding .
A person is skateboarding in a skate hole
A skateboarder approaches a ramp .
A skateboarder riding up to a slope .
a skateboarder skates in the pool .
A boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air .
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air .
A person wearing glasses is in the sand reaching for a yellow ball .
The boy is playing ball in the sand .
The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand .
A brown dog is standing on his back legs trying to reach something in the mans hand .
A man and a dog are playing in a field
a man and a dog stand in the grass .
A man holding stick and playing with a dog .
The man has a dog on a leash and appears to be teaching it to stand on its hind legs .
A cyclist is airborne over a jump in a public skate and bike park .
A guy on a bicycle midair above a ramp , doing a trick .
A man in midair doing a bicycle stunt on a half pipe .
A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background .
The biker does a trick in the air .
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car .
two scantily clad girls holding checkered flags standing on each side of a classic red car .
Two spokesmodels in front of a hotrod .
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car .
Two women in black with flags are standing in front of an old-fashioned car .
A guy jumps to make a basketball shot .
Four men playing basketball on a court with various people in the background .
The man drives the lane for a shot in the outdoor basketball game .
The three men are playing basketball on a blacktop .
Three men are playing basketball and one of them blocked the others shot while people play in the back .
An asian tennis player returning a serve .
A tennis player on a clay court runs to the ball .
a woman in a white shirt is playing tennis
a woman returns the tennis ball .
Tennis player running for the ball .
a blue and grey race car driving on a dirt track .
A person driving a drag racer on dirt .
A person is in a race car on a track with a lot debri .
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud .
The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel .
A man is in the air with his bike and there 's another guy on his bike in the back with the water close by .
Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end .
Bikers getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline .
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp .
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water .
A boy wearing a helmet and no shirt , in the air on a bike .
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A man on a bike does a very high jump .
A man without a shirt , wearing a helmet , jumping a bike in the air near water .
A woman doing a jump on a bike
A big tan dog wearing a muzzle running in green grass .
A brown dog wears a blue muzzle as it runs in the grass .
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass .
A brown greyhound is wearing a blue muzzle and blue collar .
The brown dog with the blue muzzle is in the field .
A biker in the woods .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .
a guy on a bike jumping from one large rock to another
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .
Person on bike in air above two large boulders with sun overhead .
A man driving a four-wheeler off-road .
A man riding an ATV makes a jump over a dirt road .
A racer on an ATV leaves the ground in a jump .
person wearing a helmet on a four wheeled bike in air
The man does a trick on the fourwheeler .
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
A man and a woman holding hands try to go their opposite ways .
A well dressed young couple hold hands and pull in different directions in front of trees .
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress .
The man in the black suit and hat is holding the hand of the girl in the green dress whilst looking away from each other .
Young couple in formal attire hold hands
A dirty-blonde girl wearing a white tank top and blue jeans is standing in the middle of a green field and playing with dandelions .
a girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field .
A girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow .
A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field .
A young girl standing in a grassy field .
A person skateboarding down a ramp at night .
A skateboard rolling down a ramp .
Boy in jacket riding skateboard down a handicap ramp
Someone skateboarding down a wheelchair ramp in front of a tall yellow building .
The boy is sliding down the ramp on a skateboard .
A man and a woman are sitting in a rowboat on calm water .
A man rowing a boat while the woman watches .
The woman is sitting in the boat being rowed by the man .
Two people in life jackets in a rowboat
Two people wear life jackets in a rowboat .
A crowd of girls at a concert .
A crowd of people stand .
Adoring girls watch the singer at the concert .
a group of people smiling and dancing in a huddle group together .
A large group of people are watching something , screaming , and taking pictures .
a dirty looking man standing in front of an overfilled red grocery chart
A homeless man has a shopping cart full of junk .
A older man is wearing a torn up suit and is leaning on an orange shopping cart full of items .
A scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .
A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates .
A dog chases a Nerf ball in the grass .
A dog playing fetch in a green field .
A multicolor dog chasing after a ball across the grass .
Dog chasing after a ball on the grass .
Wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field .
A pair of long necked birds swimming .
Two swans glide on river .
Two swans swimming in the water .
Two swans swimming near the shore .
Two white swans in the lake .
A boy in blue shorts standing in the surf .
A boy is standing in the ocean with his arms outstretched .
A child in water .
A young boy wearing blue swim trunks on the beach walking into the water .
The young boy opens his arms as waves come crashing near him .
A group of men wearing uniforms with hats gather holding flags .
A VFW group stand at attention at a funeral .
Members of a fraternal organization in a graveyard
Men in uniform take part in a ceremony with flags .
Men in uniform , with flags , are gathered outdoors for a ceremony .
A bicyclist does maneuvers
A biker lands on the ground after flying through the air .
A cyclist in a helmet is driving down a slope on his bike .
A person on a red bike .
One biker wearing a helmet is jumping over an obstacle .
A ball player on the dirt mound pitching .
a baseball player trows the ball .
A pitcher throws the ball .
Baseball player throwing the baseball .
The man is pitching a baseball on a dirt mound .
A woman and a dog are riding in a kayak passing by some trees .
A woman is kayaking on a lake
One person and a dog in a kayak
The person and the dog are sitting on the yellow canoe .
Women sitting in yellow kayak with her dog .
A group of people on a walkway .
A group of people on a zig zagging path through the mountains
People are standing around a scenic lookout on a sunny day .
People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill .
tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky .
a blue race car almost crashing into a wall of tires
A blue race car on the side of the track .
A blue race car slides off of the track with its back tires .
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear .
A nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
A black and white dog running on the beach while a man stands behind it .
A dog running on the beach while a man watches .
A dog running toward the camera with a man in the background
A dog running at the beach with a man looking in the background .
The dog is happily running on the beach .
A boy crawls under a house outside .
A boy in blue jeans stands in the scoop of a bulldozer .
a boy stands on a black bench .
A boy wearing a black shirt is climbing inside the bucket of a mechanical digger .
Little boy wearing jeans is playing on industrial equipment .
Three black dogs playing in a fenced area with a ball .
Three black dogs running after an orange ball .
Three dogs are playing with a red ball in a field .
Three dogs play with a red ball .
Three dogs run after a ball in a field .
A man with a black dog sitting in a yellow kayak on that is floating on calm water .
A person sits in a yellow kayak on the water with their little dog .
A woman in a kayak with dog rests her paddle over her head .
A woman kayaking with her small dog
A woman is kayaking in a yellow kayak with her dog .
A bike rider sits and watches as a fellow rider does a jump off a ramp .
A man watches another man do a bicycle trick .
Two trick bikers , one is jumping at the top of a ramp .
Two young men do cycle figures on ramp .
Two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches
A man in sunglasses sitting at a table full of various kinds of soda .
A man is sitting at a table filled with softdrinks .
A man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages .
A man with brown hair and a five o'clock shadow is wearing sunglasses and sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks .
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses sits by cans of soda .
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera .
A man is taking photos with a long range lens by a body of water .
A man takes photos on the water 's edge .
a man wearing a tank top loooking into a camera that 's on a tripod
Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats .
A biker wearing a helmet .
A guy on a bike goes through dirt .
A guy riding a BMX bicycle along a trail .
A painting of a man riding a mountain bike on a mountain trail .
A person is riding a bike on a dirt road .
A kayaker in a red kayak paddles as an orange kayak approaches from behind .
A man in a red kayak in the water .
A man in a red kayak paddles through blue water .
a man paddling a red kayak
Man paddles red kayak , orange kayak in background .
A person stands on a boat in the ocean .
A windboarder stands on their windboard in the ocean .
That person is in the water with a World festival sign .
There is a person on a sailboard with an orange and yellow sail out on the water .
This person , whose board displays an orange and yellow sail , is sailing through the water .
Two brown and white puppies are playing tug of war with a blue strip of fabric .
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth .
Two dogs tug at a blue leash .
Two puppies are tugging on a rag in the grass .
Two puppies pulling on a string .
A man is talking to a mounted policeman outside a stadium .
A man talks to a mounted policeman .
A policeman on a horse surrounded by on-lookers .
A police officer on a horse stands in front of a red brick , multistory building .
A police woman riding on a brown horse next to a man in a black jacket .
A man on a motorcycle touches his knee to the ground during a sharp turn .
A motorcycle racer riding a yellow motorcycle .
A person on a motorcycle .
A yellow motorcycle and rider take a turn .
The motorcycle rider in yellow and black is making a turn .
A dog catches a yellow Frisbee thrown by a gray-haired man .
A man is watching a dog catch a Frisbee in midair .
A man stands by as a dog leaps to grab a Frisbee while people sitting on a wall watch .
A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it .
Dog jumps to catch a Frisbee while people watch .
A closeup of a young child wearing a pink bathing suit laying in shallow water at the beach .
A little girl smiles as she lays on her side in the water .
a smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water .
A young dark haired girl in a pink and white swimsuit smiles as she lies in three inch deep water .
Little girl in swimsuit lies on stomach in water , smiles at camera .
A man does Ti Chi on a rock overlooking a forest .
A man stands in a strange position on a rock high above some trees .
A person dances along a high rock surface nearby the tops of tree-lined areas .
a person dances on a rock .
This hiker does a dance of joy on top of the mountain .
a boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard on the street
A boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard quickly down the road .
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street
A kid is skateboarding in the suburbs .
The boy in the red shirt is skateboarding .
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .
Two boys are jumping into a pool .
Two guys jumping into a pool .
Two teenage boys are leaping into a swimming pool .
Two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool .
People lean over in the snow .
Two climbers are wearing backpacks ascending a very snowy mountain .
Two people climbing a snowy mountain .
Two people heavily dressed , carrying backpacks , walk through snow .
Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain .
Two hikers are climbing through a rocky and snowy passage in the mountains .
Two mountain climbers walk through a pass with snowy mountains behind them .
Two mountain-climbing hikers ascend a rocky path through patches of snow .
Two people are climbing up a huge , snowy mountain .
Two people are walking up a mountain .
A group of young adults with " X " on their hands , smiling .
Highschoolers smile for the camera at a dance .
Teens are posing for a picture at a crowded event .
Teens having a good time .
Yound people make goofy faces for the camera .
A little girl in a yellow dress lays on a wooden floor surrounded by flowers .
a young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
a young girl wearing yellow lays on the ground .
The girl with a yellow dress and sandals on is surrounded by yellow flowers .
The small girl in the yellow dress laid on the bedspread surrounded by flowers .
The girls dance to the street musicians
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
A man admires a rock formation on the water .
a man climbing a huge rock wall overlooking the blue ocean
a man kicks a large rock near the ocean .
A man stands by a boulder near an ocean .
A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water .
A man climbs out of the ocean onto a rock
A man is standing in the ocean and holding on tho the rock .
A man wearing a wetsuit is climbing a rock along a beach .
A scuba diver emerges from the water and pulls himself onto the rocks .
Man hangs onto rock while out in the ocean .
A dog catches a Frisbee in the front yard .
A dog playing Frisbee in the front yard , next to a car .
A white dog catches a red Frisbee in the grass .
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
The dog leaps to catch the Frisbee in its mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick over a jump nearby a bush and wooden building .
A biker spins his bike in the air above the ground .
An extreme cyclist flying through the air on his green bike in a rural area
A person on a bike get airborne .
Person jumping bicycle off cliff beside building on hill
A convoy of military trucks are lined up in a lot .
A line of military trucks are passing by a soldier who is walking away .
A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles .
A military man walks away from a line of Army vehicles .
Army vehicles line up and a soldier walks near them .
A bird flying in the air
a bird flies low to the ground .
A bird with its wings spread
A hawk flies down towards the grass .
A hawk is flying , trailing lines from its legs .
A brown dog is splashing in a puddle in the grass .
A brown dog splashing through a puddle on a lawn
A dog is running through a sprinkler in the grass .
A dog plays in water from a sprinkler .
A dog splashing through a puddle in the grass .
A man is about to do a belly-smacker into the pool .
A man jumps into the blue water pool .
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms .
The boy in the black swim trunks dives into the pool .
The boy is jumping into the large pool .
A boy holding a lightsaber jumps in the middle of the street .
A boy holding a stick jumping Ont he street .
a boy in shorts and white shirt is jumping whilst holding a pink stick in front of a large tree surrounded by sacks .
A small boy in a white shirt is jumping with a sword in his hand .
A young boy jumps in the street while holding a stick .
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air .
A man in a blue outfit is swinging a sword in the air .
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park .
A person wearing a blue robe is in the air , holding a sword .
Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair .
a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt .
A man climbing a rocky outcropping while another watches .
A man is climbing up a rock while another man watches him from behind .
A person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting .
Two people are attempting to rock climb on a small but steep rock wall .
A man in red rock climbing .
A person in a red shirt is holding on to a natural formation .
Men try to climb up a large rock .
Someone climbing a rock upside down
Two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature .
A cowboy is riding a horse whilst spinning a lasso around .
a cowboy riding a horse , swinging a rope above his head
A cowboy waves a lasso in the air at a horse show .
A man riding a brown horse is twirling a lasso above his head .
The cowboy prepares to lasso the bull .
one policeman sitting on his motorcycle with two fellow policeman standing to the left
Three policemen , one on his cop bike , wearing black uniforms with black boots .
Two policemen are standing and one policeman is sitting on his motorcycle .
Two police officers are standing next to another officer who is sitting on a motorcycle .
Two standing policemen and one sitting on a motorcycle smile for the camera .
A brown dog running on grass .
A dog running in the fenced in backyard .
A dog running on a sunny , green lawn .
A dog runs through the grass in the sun .
A young boxer dog races across a green lawn .
A young boy in a red jacket and a young girl in a pink jacket are climbing stairs .
The boy in the red top is following the girl in the colorful dress up a flight of stairs .
Two kids climb the stairs
Two young children climbing stairs and seen from the back .
Two young kids walk up some stairs .
A brown dog treads the water with something in its mouth .
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him .
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth .
A dog with golden hair swims through water .
A tan dog swims through very dark water .
A cheerful small girl dressed in a white dress with flowers runs on a grassy area with her arms in motion .
A girl in a white dress running .
A little girl is smiling , while running outside .
A young girl running on grass
A young girl wearing a dress and sandals runs in the grass .
A Japanese woman in a colorful outfit is walking with a man dressed in black past a wooden building .
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .
Two people stop on an empty city street .
Two women dressed in traditional Japanese clothing
Two women in Japanese dress walk down the street .
A man in a uniform stands next to a girl with purple hair holding a cup .
A military uniformed man with a purple accented hair female standing on concrete .
A smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair .
A woman with purple hair and a man in military regalia .
Man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair .
A black and white dog is running and splashing in water .
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing its teeth .
A dog is running through the water with its mouth wide open .
An open-mouthed dog is running through the water .
A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water .
The two young women are laughing outdoors by a tree trunk .
Two girls are posing behind a tree with big smiles .
Two girls lean around a tree , laughing .
Two girls next to a mossy tree .
Two schoolgirls peeking around a tree , and laughing .
A boy does a flip on the beach .
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach .
A man doing a back flip on the beach .
A person in midair doing a flip along the beach
A teenage boy is doing a back flip in midair on the beach .
The children are playing in the water .
Two boys shoveling in melted snow .
Two children shovel snow and melting ice .
Two kids play with plastic shovels in a snowy pond .
Two young children wearing winter coats and hats are playing in the melting snow .
A black dog in shallow water .
A black dog on a leash with a red collar has its face in the water .
A black dog sticking its nose into the water .
A black dog with red collar sticks his head in the water .
A dog with black fur has put its head underwater .
A girl in a black coat next to some school kids .
Four teenagers are standing at the foot of some steps by a brick wall .
Kids are waiting at the bottom of a staircase attached to a brick building .
Peoople stand outside a building near a street .
Teenagers congregate outside a brick building
A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth .
A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth .
A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick .
a tan dog holding a stick in his mouth .
The yellow dog is carrying a stick by water .
A brown dog is running in the water by the beach .
A brown dog jumps in the ocean .
A brown dog runs down a beach .
A brown dog wearing a collar is running through some water .
A dog running through the water .
A group of people ride horses through a wooded area .
A group of people riding horses .
A group of people riding horses in a grassy field .
A group riding horses .
A large group of people riding brown and white horses .
A man climbing up on a rock ledge .
A man climbs some rocks .
A man in black pants climbing a rock wall .
Man without shirt climbing rock face .
The man is scaling a large brown boulder .
Girls dance in colorful outfits .
The girls , standing in a spotlight , are dressed in multi-colored outfits .
Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light .
Three young girls in bright colored clothing are performing in a play .
Women in multi-colored outfits are performing on a low light stage .
A girl in a sweater is blocking the suns rays .
A person outlined by the sun
The sun is under someone 's nose .
The woman 's face falls into silhouette as she stands in front of the sun .
The woman stands outdoors in front of the sun .
a woman at a desk signing paperwork in front of another
A woman filling out some paperwork while another woman waits .
A woman signs paperwork at an event .
Several women are talking outside .
These women are filling out forms at a stand outdoors .
A girl does a side bend in the surf , another girl behind her , the sun setting .
a young girl doing gymnastics on the shore of a beach while another is walking deeper into the beach .
Two girls in swimsuits are playing in the water near the seashore .
Two girls playing on the
Two girls wade in the surf , and one shows of her flexibility .
A woman in a dress is crossing a suspended bridge .
A woman in an orange dress walking across a stone bridge with a very blue sky behind her .
A woman is carrying a child across a stone bridge .
Woman in a dress walking across a bridge .
Woman in an orange skirt walking on concrete bridge .
A child on a swing .
A girl swinging hard enough to get herself vertical .
A little girl with a white shirt and brown hair is swinging almost completely upside down in a park .
A young child swings in a park setting .
A young girl upside down on a swing set
a group of young men sing out together .
Three guys , with a guitar , yelling .
Three young men embrace and sing .
Three young men sing together while one plays the guitar .
Young people celebrate in song .
A man asleep at a desk in a library reading room .
A man falls asleep with his head on a table while listening to headphones .
a man sleeps on a desk .
A student is asleep at a populated library .
Most people are sitting at tables reading but one man looks like he 's sleeping .
dogs playing with their owner by a pond
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs .
A person dressed in jeans running with two dogs on the shore of a lake .
Two dogs run with a young child along a lake
Woman running with two dogs near water .
A dirt bike kicks up dust .
A man is driving a motorcycle in the dirt near bushes .
A man rides a dirt bike in the brush .
A person on a motorcycle is turning on a dirt track behind some bushes .
The dirt bike rider kicks up dirt as he turns .
A man in blue jumping a dirt bike .
A man on a dirt bike , airborne .
A man on a motorcycle is jumping over a dirt hill in front of spectators .
A motocross rider wearing a blue uniform flies through the air .
A person in blue on a bike in midair .
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore .
A group of people race with boats .
People in speed rafts drive in the water .
People on watercraft play in the ocean .
People riding on ski boats in the ocean .
A girl dressed in a pink sweatshirt and pink and white striped skirt plays in the waves at the beach .
A girl dressed in pink and white runs along the beach .
A girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach .
A girl in pink runs away from a wave coming onto the shore .
A girl is walking next to the small waves that crash in the ocean .
A boy is in midair doing a skateboard trick at a skate park while two women and a toddler walk behind him .
A boy wearing blue jeans is skateboarding .
A buy skateboarding at a skate park .
A skateboarder in doing a trick in a skate park .
A young man does tricks on his skateboard .
A BMX biker attempts a trick off his dirt bike .
A dirt biker is flying through the air with his motorcycle .
A person in a green and white suit does tricks midair on a black bike .
Person in green gear does trick in midair with motorcycle .
The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air .
A professional wrestler falls outside the ring .
a wrestler jumps over the ropes .
Two wrestlers and a referee .
two wrestlers fighting in a rink with a referee in the backgroud
Wrestler spinning outside of the rink toward fellow wrestler .
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .
Two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty .
Two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock .
Two people stand on a dock , looking out onto a lake .
Two people stand on a dock looking out to a great lake .
A black bird is in mid-flight swooping downwards .
A blue bird flies toward the ground , surrounded by trees .
A blue bird is flying through the trees .
A grey bird is flying through the trees .
Grey-blue bird with white markings on neck and wings in flight .
A white car and a yellow car race down the track .
a white race car racing a yellow car .
A yellow and white car driving on a track next to each other while spectators and cars can be seen in the background .
Two cars race down a track .
Two race cars on a road in front of a grassy parking area .
A person skateboarding down the sidewalk wearing mostly black .
A young man riding a skateboard and carrying large bags .
A young man with a large black portfolio is skateboarding on the sidewalk .
The man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard .
The person on a skateboard is carrying several bags of different sizes and shapes .
A boy wearing skates sliding down concrete railing of steps near a pole .
A man is rollerblading down a wall beside some steps .
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps .
A man on Rollerblades grinding down a concrete handrail .
A young man navigates a sloped wall with inline skates .
A car is driven on a dusty track .
A race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
a red and white rally car throws up dust behind it as drives away down the trail .
The car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
Two dogs are fighting over something .
two dogs doing a tug of war on a black object
Two dogs fight over a stick on a grassy field , a lake in the background .
Two dogs meeting near the water 's edge
Two dogs , one tan and one black , play tug-o-war on the grass near the pond .
A baby laughs .
a double exposure of a laughing baby with curly blonde hair and a flowery curtain
A small child with curly hair is being held by an adult .
Someone is holding a naked baby that is laughing .
The baby enjoys taking its bath .
A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees .
a fluffy brown , white and black running on a path
A fluffy Sheltie is trotting along a path .
A Sheltie runs through the forest with his tongue out , mouth open .
A white , black , and brown dog walks down a path in a forested area .
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track .
A Special Olympics contestant runs on a racetrack .
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track .
A woman wearing a yellow shirt runs along a red track .
Special Olympics woman runner on the track .
A man and a brown dog in motion in the grass .
A man is interacting with a dog that is running past him .
A man is training his dog in the field near the homes .
A man is using a ball-thrower to throw an object to his dog .
A man throwing an object at a dog who is running away .
A boy plays soccer in a field near an apartment building .
A boy prepares to kick a goal shot
A boy runs toward the soccer ball to kick it .
An action shot of a young boy about to kick a soccer ball .
A soccer player runs for a soccer ball .
Business women walk outside .
Smartly dressed Asian women are passing by a doorway in the street .
Three women in business wear walk across a courtyard .
Three women in dress suits walk by a building .
Two women wearing dresses are walking by a building .
A bicycler rides his bike on the road next to rocks with snow .
A bicyclist rides down the road near snow .
A man in yellow jacket rides a bike .
A person wearing a yellow coat rides a bike past some snowy rocks .
The bicycle rider is wearing a yellow jacket and a blue helmet while riding on a road during winter time .
A flower girl and ring bearer watch the flower petals hit the grass .
A flower girl drops petals while the ring bearer watches .
A little girl and boy after a wedding in a field
A young girl in a yellow dress and a small boy in a white suit .
There is a young girl in a yellow dress and a young boy in a white suit standing in a field of grass .
A dog being held by a harness on a waterboard over splashing water with a tube structure in the background .
A man dropping from a rope into the ocean on a board .
A man is suspended above water while holding a large ski that is shaped like a skateboard .
A water boarder being towed during a jump .
Waterskier jumps off the water 's surface , unknown structure in background .
A big light brown dog runs on the green grass .
A brown dog is running through green grass .
A yellow dog running across a lush green lawn .
A yellow dog runs through green grass .
Long haired dog running on a lawn
A boy coming out of the pool .
A man and a boy are in the swimming pool .
Father and son swimming .
Man and boy are swimming in a pool .
The man and child are swimming .
A boy is cliff jumping into the ocean .
A man is jumping from a rock into the ocean while others are watching .
A man jumping off a cliff into water .
A man jumping off of a large rock into the ocean
A person jumps off of a cliff into the water below as others watch .
A girl sitting on a trampoline tosses an empty water bottle in the air .
A girl sitting on a trampoline tossing a water bottle in the air
A lady is sitting on a small trampoline and is tossing a water bottle .
A woman sitting on a mini trampoline tossing a water bottle in the air .
A young lady is wearing bright pink sunglasses and sitting on a small trampoline .
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean .
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean .
Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean .
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
Men , one walking , and one sitting balanced on a shaft .
One boys sits on a giant mortar gun as another boy walks toward him .
Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields .
Two people are on top of a cannon .
Two people are walking along a long cannon on a tank .
A black dog and two brown and white dogs are romping in the mud .
The three dogs play in the sand .
Three dogs are playing in a field .
Three dogs are playing rough in a sandy field .
Three dogs chase and wrestle together on a dirt field .
A group of kids and two adults stand before a graffiti wall .
a group of people standing in front of a graffitied wall
Six individuals of varying ages stand in front of a stone wall covered in graffiti .
Six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti .
Some young boys pose with a man and woman by some graffiti .
A skater woman in a white shirt is skating along a track while others watch .
A woman in a grey uniform participates in roller derby .
A woman wearing a helmet is in a rollerskating competition .
A woman with a gray helmet and black safety pads skates past the photographer .
The athlete is wearing protective gear .
A man with a shaved head and something in his mouth is holding on to a red rope .
A man with a shaved head stands in a river and holds onto a rope .
A person is in swirling water and holding onto a rope .
A woman holding a rope against a river current .
Guy with something in his mouth in rushing water holding red and white striped rope
A long haired mail is swinging his wet hair around in the ocean .
A long haired man in the water is swinging his head causing the water to spray in a spiral .
A man wading in a lake dips his long hair into the water and quickly throws his head back making a brief rainbow of water overhear .
A person in the water .
A woman flips her hair full of water and sprays the water all around .
A black and a black dog are running .
A black and white dog chases a bigger dog across the grass .
One dog chases another in the grass .
Two brindle dogs running in the grass .
Two dogs run through the grass .
A baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches .
A baseball pitcher on the mound leaning into his pitch .
A pitcher throwing a ball at a baseball game
A pitcher with a red shirt is throwing a ball and his teammate is waiting to catch near a base .
Baseball is being played by two men in red jerseys by a " pepco " sign .
An elderly middle-eastern woman is about to smoke a pack of cigarettes .
A middle Eastern woman wearing green is sitting on a stone step holding a box of cigarettes .
A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton .
A woman wearing a long green dress and scarves on her head holding a pack of cigarettes and a carton of Winston cigarettes by a stone structure .
Woman with red headscarf and green dress holding cigarette carton and sitting on concrete steps .
A crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing .
A group of people dressed in festive outfits is gathered outside building .
many woman wearing yellow stand in the street .
People dressed in bright costumes of white and yellow feathers
People wearing colorful costumes and headresses march through the streets .
A horse jockey is riding on a course .
A woman on a horse .
A woman on a racing horse .
girl with helmet riding a brown horse
The rider of the brown horse is wearing a blue shirt .
A boy is playing on a green swing in front of a wooden barn .
A boys swings on a green swing outside a old wooden structure .
A young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn .
A young boy swings alongside an old wooden building .
The boy swings next to the barn .
A flock of birds flying over a shoreline .
A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach .
A flock of seagulls flying at the beach .
A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach .
A group of white birds take flight while one black bird stands on the sand .
A group of children are playing on swings .
A shirtless man is standing next to two children balancing on a swing .
A topless man passes four children who are playing on a swing .
Kids are playing on a swing set as a man with no shirt on walks by .
Two boys swing standing up on a yellow swing set
A man leads the way on his bike while two others follow in the distance .
Several bicyclists are riding though a wooded area .
Three cyclists ride through cordoned pathway near woods .
Three men fight the forest terrain on their mountain bikes .
Three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods .
A group of boys play basketball together .
Basketball player makes a shot as other players to try to intercept .
Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
These people are playing basketball outdoors .
two men playing basketball under a blue sky
A blue plane does loops as it heads down to earth .
A blue , red , and yellow airplane is flying through the air .
A blue , red , and yellow plane does a loop in the air .
A colorful aerobatic plane leaves a coiled trail of smoke behind it .
A plane doing tricks in the air , leaving a smoke trail behind the plane .
A white dog and a black and white dog are playing while two more black dogs move towards them .
A white dog , two black dogs , and a black and white dog are playing on the edge of a baseball field .
The dogs are playing at the baseball field .
The dogs are running on the grass , near a baseball field .
The dogs run and play on the baseball field .
A boy skateboarding
A man jumps off an orange ramp with his skateboard .
a skateboarder ollies off a ramp .
Person doing a skateboard stunt
The man in the background is watching the skateboarder complete a jump .
A pile of dogs sleep on a blue dog bed .
Four puppies sleeping on a blue blanket .
Four spotted puppies take a nap .
Four white and brown puppies are sleeping together on a blue blanket .
four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket .
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle .
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle .
Three puppies laying on a couch with a bottle of milk , one with its mouth wide open .
Three puppies on a couch next to a bottle of milk .
Three puppies play on a couch .
Two collies are barking as they play on the edge of the ocean
Two dogs are jumping on an empty beach with waves .
Two dogs playing on the beach .
Two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them .
two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach with the ocean behind them .
A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them .
Three dogs run on beach , two playing with unknown object .
Two large white dogs and one large tan dog in a red collar run along a beach .
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .
Two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach .
A boy in the air trying to dodge a ball thrown at him .
A group of kids playing dodgeball .
Four people are kicking a soccer ball in a basketball court .
Four people playing ball on a court .
Four school aged kids are playing dodgeball in the gym
Two girls dressed in costume with purple flowers in their hair strike a pose for the camera .
Two showgirls are posing together .
two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes .
Two women in purple and gold dance outfits are posing .
Two women in sparkling bikinis are posing
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle .
A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles .
A young girl with a pink coat walks through a shallow puddle of water .
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle .
A man in a black hat reaches into a box .
A man in a black hat touches a cardboard box .
A man in a black hat , with a cardboard box .
A man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box .
The man is opening a box .
Two children rolling down a grassy hill
Two people laying in the grass with legs above the ground and a building in the background .
two people rolling down a grassy hill
Two people tumble down a grassy hill .
Two young boys roll down a grassy hill .
A dog is swimming through deep water near several ducks .
a dog swimming in some water where there are some ducks swimming also
A dog swims in deep water near three ducks .
a dog swims near ducks .
Three ducks and a dog swim in a lake .
a boy runs through the puddle .
A boy splashing in a puddle .
A young boy is running through a large puddle outside .
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water .
Young boy playing in the water .
The boxer wearing black gloves is kicking the boxer who is wearing grey gloves .
Two men are kickboxing .
Two men are kick boxing in a kick boxing ring .
Two men kick boxing .
Two MMA fighters spar in a ring .
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you .
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards .
Three women in colorful costumes holding I love you signs .
Three women in costume are holding papers that say " I love you " .
Three women in elaborate costumes hold up " I Love You " cards .
A Frisbee team huddles around a Frisbee , each holding a part of it .
A group of people hold a Frisbee with their fingers .
A group of people put two of their fingers on a Frisbee .
people put their hands on a Frisbee .
several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
This picture shows a blond-haired boy and brown-haired boy smiling while swinging on a tire swing .
Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park .
Two child share a swing in a playground .
Two kids are swinging together on a tire swing .
Two kids enjoy a tire swing .
A boy holds the bat waiting for the pitch at a baseball game .
A little boy batting in a baseball game .
A young boy in a blue and white uniform is up to bat at a baseball game .
Boy plays baseball .
Boy wearing a blue , white , and yellow baseball uniform about to hit a ball .
A man skateboarding on the side of steps
A man slides down a railing while another shines a light on him .
A person taking a picture of someone skating down a railing at night .
A skateboarder slides down a stair rail in the dark .
a young man sliiding down a railing near some stairs
A duck flaps its wings near the water .
A duck flaps its wings out while in the water .
A giant goose is waving its wings as it comes out of the water .
A goose flaps its wings .
The large goose is flapping his wings near the water .
A man and a woman are smiling for the camera but the woman is not looking at the camera .
A man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away .
A man with his arm around a woman .
A smiling man with his arm around a smiling woman .
The brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture .
A man is playing with a dog in some water .
A person plays with their dog in a shallow pond .
A wet dog and person in a marsh .
There is person standing in water and playing with a dog .
The white dog in front of the person standing in the water is jumping up .
A brown dog digs in the sand .
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
a brown dog with a brown collar digging in the sand
A brown dog with a brown collar digs sand .
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
a man dressed as an Indian , speaking into a microphone
A native american stands at a microphone ready to play his instrument .
An Indian chief in full dress .
Indian wearing headgear speaks
The man dressed liked an indian wearing feathers is standing in front of the microphone .
A native American band plays instruments under a tent .
Indians in native dress with instruments under shelter dancing .
People in Native American costumes performing , banner in background .
Some musicians dressed in native American costume are playing traditional instruments .
Three Indians are dancing and playing musical instruments .
A child plays on playground equipment .
A girl is hanging on a metal bar in a park .
A happy child dangling from playground equipment smiles at the camera .
A little girl in a sweatshirt jacket holding on to a bar .
Child in grey sweatshirt hanging from metal bar
A man in a white tank hits a jump with his red BMX bicycle .
a man is making a red and black bicycle jump in a city skate park .
A man wearing a white tank top is riding a red bike along a jump .
A young man jumps a bicycle off a sloped wall over a bench .
Cyclist riding on a cement slope .
A man wearing no shirt and a hat jumps in the air on a red bicycle .
A man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle .
A man wearing very little clothing is doing a jump on a red bicycle .
A shirtless man jumping a bike in the woods .
A shirtless man jumps his bmx bike .
A racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind .
dirt bike racing one guy on ground
There is one person on a motorcycle and one person who has fallen on the ground .
There is one person on a racing motorcycle and one person on the ground .
Two motorcycle racers on a track , one without his motorcycle .
A group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
cowgirls waving the United States flag and the Canada flag
Several people on horseback carrying flags .
Two women riding horses , carrying the American and Canadian flags at a rodeo .
Women are riding horses in an arena carrying the flags of Canada and the United States .
A boy and a man dressed as rodeo clowns standing in sand
A rodeo clown ties a rope around an older rodeo clown as he sits in the dirt .
Two rodeo clowns are looking at something in the distance .
Two rodeo clowns are on the dirt .
Two rodeo clowns , one young and one an adult , waiting their ques .
A bull is tossing a rider off him while several other cowboys try to restrain it .
A man is being thrown off a bull during a rodeo .
Four men in a rodeo with a bull bucking
Man in purple shirt falls off bulls head .
Three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo .
A woman is outside playing the guitar .
A woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass .
a woman with a nylon stringed guitar is playing in a field
A young woman lifts her voice in song in a field near an old wooden structure .
The girl plays a guitar while singing in a rural scene .
A family is looking through binocular at a city over a body of water
Sightseers look across the water at a city .
Three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope .
Three people lean against a railing and look at buildings across the water .
Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water .
A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .
A man and a dog are standing on a tree that has fallen over to the ground .
A man watches his yellow dog hunt for something from on top of a fallen tree .
A man watching his dog standing on a dead tree trunk .
a tan dog climbing over a bare tree trunk with a man standing in the background
A girl in a black outfir is standing with 2 pug dogs
A person stands with two leashed pugs and wears plaid pants with a black shirt set .
A woman with a Mohawk holds the leash for two smaller pug dogs .
A woman with colorful hair walks two dogs .
A woman with purple hair has two dogs on leashes .
A boy is on a ramp with his hands down and his feet up on a skateboard .
A man on a skateboard does a trick on a ramp .
A man rides a skateboard up a ramp with his arms holding himself up .
a man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans falling down on a skateboarding ramp .
The man is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a skateboard .
A clown holding a broom with both arms raised .
A clown in a colorful shirt and cowboy hat is raising his arms in a crowd of people .
a man dressed as a clown is performing before and audience .
A man wearing a purple hat and clown makeup is cheering to a crowd .
Clown holding broom smiles at people .
A cowboy gets kicked off a horse that is bucking
A cowboy is thrown from the horse he was riding , while the judge stands by with his hand on a yellow flag .
A man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse .
The horse is kicking up its hind legs at the cowboy whist another man stands ad watches .
Two men in western attire with a brown horse kicking into the air .
A cowboy in a white outfit just got bucked off an angry bull .
A cowboy is being thrown from a large brown bull .
A man falls off a bull at a rodeo show .
Cowboys participate in a rodeo .
Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull .
A man is roping a bull in a rodeo while others in cowboy hats watch .
A man is up in the air with one hand on a bull .
A rodeo rider gets tossed up into the air by a black bull as fellow cowboys look on .
man getting thrown in the air while bull riding
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .
A dog leaps through a snowy field .
A dog runs through snow covered ground , near a tree .
A dog runs through snow with a big tree in the distance .
Dog races through grass by lone tree .
The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .
A man in fancy clothing plays a guitar on a stage .
A man playing a guitar under the lights with other people in the background .
A woman plays guitar by a round light .
Man playing guitar in a dark room .
The man played guitar in the band .
A man in a white shirt swinging a stick
A man in a white shirt walks in the tall grass holding a stick .
A man is walking in a field carrying a stick .
A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
Man near golf course preparing to throw a stick
A man falling off of his surfboard .
A man in a black wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave .
A surfer in a wetsuit balances on his board amidst ocean spray .
Surfer leaning back on surfboard .
This man is wearing a wetsuit and riding a surfboard .
A collage of stop-action surfing pictures .
A man surfing in rough water
A surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer .
The man on the brown surfboard has created a large splash that soaks the two other surfers standing by .
Three people are surfing and splashing in some water .
A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog along dirt .
The two dogs are running into the woods .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
A group of hockey players and one official stand on the ice during a game .
Referee on left interrupts hockey match
Several hockey players from different teams and a referee are together on the ice .
Several hockey players standing and skating near the goal .
There is an ice hockey game , with players and a ref near one of the goals .
A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic .
A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle .
A woman walking down the side of a highway .
A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic .
A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street .
A bird flies through the air with wings extended .
A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .
An eagle flies through the air .
An eagle swoops down low almost to the ground .
The eagle is flying low to the ground .
a man falls out of his kayak .
A man is falling out of his kayak as his paddles go flying .
Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat .
The man falls into the water while his paddle flies and his kayak tips .
The man threw his paddle in the air and fell out of the boat and into the water .
A biker moving quickly past trees .
A guy is on his bicycle .
A man rides his bike through the woods .
A man with a shaved head riding a mountain bike .
The man has a goatee and wear black gloves while riding a bike .
Two asian children standing on cement .
Two children smile .
Two children wearing colorful pullovers are walking next to each other .
Two children with adults in the background .
Two young boys smile and walk outside .
A black dog leaps in the air while playing outside .
A small black and white dog jumps with red plastic fence in background .
A small black dog in midair .
a small black dog jumps over a bar .
A small , black dog jumps through the air while a person beckons it .
A little boy jumps into the mans arms .
A young boy in a baseball cap jumps into the arms of a man wearing a blue shirt .
A young boy in a blue shirt and cap is jumping into a man 's arms .
A young boy jumping from a height into the arms of an man .
The young boy jumps into the man 's arms .
A man and a woman holding cups with another man nearby .
A woman stands next to a man in a hat holding a cup standing next to another man in a yellow hat .
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside .
Three young adults holding plastic cups .
Three young people drink beer at an outdoor party .
two asian girl with pink jackets standing by a tree
Two girls in pink coats drink from soda bottles and lean on a tree .
Two girls in pink jackets stand by a tree with water bottles .
Two girls stand by a tree , one holds a bottle cap .
Two young girls in purple are leaning against a large tree .
A dog catching a ball .
A dog jumping up in the air next to a white house .
A white dog is standing on its hind legs with a ball in its mouth .
A yellow dog stands on his hind legs .
Yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth , building in background .
A brown dog is running on a rock .
A brown dog running .
A brown dog running across a flat rock .
A brown dog runs in the woods with a serious look on its face .
A reddish brown dog running .
Children are playing soccer , while an adult looks on .
Children dressed in green and yellow soccer uniforms run after a soccer ball
Three children in neon colors play soccer while young man watches
Three children wearing soccer uniforms chase after a blue and grey soccer ball .
Three child soccer players go for the ball .
A jogger wears a robot hat .
A man jogs in a long distant race in a robot costume .
A man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head .
A man with no shirt and a robot head runs in a race .
The shirtless male marathon runner is wearing a backpack and a silver robot looking helmet on his head .
A guy racing his motorcycle .
A man on a motorcycle is racing at a track .
A motorcycle goes by a crowd with its rear wheel in the air .
Person riding a racing motorcycle while other people watch .
Spectators watching a motorcyclist ground around a track .
A group of people appear to be tilling the ground in from of a couple of thatch roof huts .
A team of workers breaks up stone on the ground .
Several men with gardening tools are working the soil .
The men are using hoes to break the soil .
Workers in front of thatched homes breaking up dirt with hoes .
A boy is doing a skateboarding trick in the air .
A boy jumps high above his skateboard near a sign .
Boy jumping skateboard beside sign and pink flowers
He is skateboarding .
The boy in black is skateboarding in the air in front of the flowers and a white and blue sign .
A boy dunks a basketball .
A boy dunks a basketball on a low hoop by the road .
A boy jumps up to make a basket in a basketball hoop .
A boy with a basketball , leaping for the goal .
The teenage boy is dunking a basketball in a hoop .
A girl 's hands , another person 's feet , and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table .
A picture of a group of peoples ' feet .
The legs and feet of people sitting on a wooden table , two cameras and cigarettes on it .
Three people are sitting on a picnic table along with two cameras and a drum .
Three people sit on a bench .
The children are near a large pile of sand that is next to the water .
The two boys are playing in wet sand .
Two boys play in the sand
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water .
Two young boys sitting in water and digging in the sand .
Group of people waiting in line at an ice cream stand .
Group outside of ice cream place , decorated with giant cone , two innertubes .
Guys gathered outside an ice cream store on a sunny day .
People outside an ice cream shop that has summer decorations for sale .
People standing outside of an ice cream stand
The girl has a white shirt and a purple item in her hand .
The lady is holding a purple ribbon .
Three asian woman wearing white .
Three girls are posing in elegant outfits nearby a tree and a building .
Two woman stand together and one holds a purple cloth .
A brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers .
A brown dog running at a lean across a lawn .
A brown dog runs through a field of grass spotted with yellow flowers
The brown dog runs through the field .
The tan and white dog is running in the field .
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape .
A black dog is running gover rocky ground under a cloudy blue sky .
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain .
A black dog walks through a rocky , grassy landscape under a blue , cloudy sky .
A dog on rocky terrain
A kayaker gets wet in the rapids .
A kayaker in a green boat paddles through the rapids .
A man in black with a helmet is water rafting in a green canoe .
One man in a green kayak paddling through the water .
This man is kayaking in whitewater .
The two girls are in the water and one has a white shirt on .
Two girls playing in waves .
Two girls play in the surf .
Two laughing children play in the waves .
Two small girls laugh as a wave hits them at the beach .
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers .
A sumo wrestler accepting an award .
Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone .
Young sumo wrestlers stand before a man reading from an official-looking document .
A boy punching with a spray of snow .
A lean young man in the mountains , throwing snow .
A shirtless boy punches snow .
A shirtless young man punches snow as if he was selling perfume .
A young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on .
A dog runs overtop the dry earth .
A white dog runs along the beach 's shore .
A white dog with a brown patch on his eye , is running on a dirt path .
A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path
The white dog ran down the dusty road .
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .
A dog running on a trail in the mountains .
The brown dog is walking along the dirt path with beautiful mountains behind him .
Yellow dog is running up a trail .
A garden shop is being perused by shoppers with a sitting shop owner waving .
A man waves to the camera from inside a greenhouse section of a farm products store .
a man wearing a grey shirt waving in the middle of a plant nursery
People browse for herbs at a greenhouse .
Racks of plants at the farm products store .
A man is skateboarding on a ramp in the dark .
A person on a skateboard is in the air while performing a skateboarding trick .
A skateboarder does a trick on the coping of a bowl .
A skateboarder gets to the top of a ramp .
A skateboarder grinds a curved bowl at night .
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field .
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team .
Three men wearing the same black and yellow uniform are blocking another man in a red uniform .
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground .
three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red to the ground .
A man dressed in a yellow sports uniform and another man dressed in a red and white sports uniform holding sticks with a ball floating between them .
The hockey player in yellow is challenging the player in red for the ball .
Two field hockey players attempt to hit a ball with their sticks .
Two men in different colored jerseys play hockey .
Two men playing field hockey
A man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object .
A man leaning on a pole .
A man wearing a baseball cap leaning against a post .
The man is leaning against a tree .
The man is standing outside next to a wooden phone pole .
A group of race horses run down a track carrying jockeys .
A horse race .
Jockeys on horses during a race .
The horses race on the dirt track while their riders urge them on .
There are riders and horses in a horse race , going around a track .
A man and a woman kissing .
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people .
a man is kissing a woman .
A young couple kiss while a crowd mills in the background on a sunny day .
Two people kiss near a crowd .
A man racing on a motorbike
A motorcycle rider drives fast around a curve on a track .
A person wearing a red and white uniform is racing a motorcycle with the number 58 on it .
A red and white motorcycle is being ridden around a bend on a racetrack .
Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track .
a man leans against a large robot .
Two men are standing under a large work of art by a brick building .
Two men are standing under what looks to be a giant robot .
Two men standing at the feet of a large sculpture .
Two men standing near a metal structure in from of a brick wall .
A biker makes a high jump .
A man doing an aerial stunt on a bike .
A man on a bicycle performing a jump .
A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps , soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake .
The cyclist is making a high jump with his bike .
A black dog in water .
A black dog standing in a shallow area of water on a rocky beach .
A dog stands in a tide pool
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
A small black dog plays in the water .
A child uses a camera as another child looks on .
A little girl is standing next to another little girl who is taking a photograph .
A small boy and small girl setting up a camera
Child taking a picture while sister leans on the wall .
One child behind a camera on a tripod with one child in a beige shirt and black shorts standing against the wall .
A baseball pitcher with Shelton on his shirt throws the ball .
A baseball player in a black and orange shirt , and with a glove on , pitches the ball .
A male dressed in a sports outfit tries to catch a baseball .
A man playing baseball .
The baseball player is running after the ball .
A goalie blocks the puck in a field hockey game .
a goalie makes an amazing save .
A group of men playing Lacrosse at night .
Five men playing a sport on a field with multicolored shirts on .
The hockey goalkeeper is reaching out for the ball .
A black dog holding an orange object in the water .
A black dog is holding an orange toy in its mouth in the water .
A black dog is in the water with something orange in his mouth .
A black lab puppy fetches an orange object out of the water .
A wet dog , playing with a toy in the water .
A blue motorcycle and sidecar is being raced on a wet track .
A man races in a small vehicle while another man hangs off the back .
a racer in a blue car towing a man in a black suit on the street
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back .
Two people on a blue motorcycle .
A man with headphones has his mouth wide open while a woman stands next to him .
an excited couple reaching for a large black set of earphones
A woman and a man are amused by headphones .
Man and woman looking surprised , with the man holding headphones .
Man looking very exciting holding headphones standing outside next to a woman .
A group of people dancing together .
People are dancing around while wearing multiple colored and varied clothing .
People in colorful hats and shirt dance outside
People in hats are outside .
Two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces .
A man and a woman about to kiss each other .
A woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby .
A woman is leaning back into a man 's arms as they look each other in the face .
Guy Kisses girl
The blond man is dancing with a woman outside .
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person .
A man is lying in the grass with his arms outstretched .
A man , lying on the grass , hand outstretched to another arm .
a man on the ground stretches his hands out to another person .
A man reaching for someone on the grass .
A man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
People in a colorful , outdoor market with fruits , vegetables and flowers .
Person in blue stand by flowers in open air market while another person with a cane walks the path
Several people shopping at an outdoors market .
Shoppers in a fruit and vegetables market looking around .
A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
Black dog swims behind two people on an inflatable blue raft .
Two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy .
Two people swimming in water with a black dog trailing behind them .
Two people swimming on a floating while a black dog follows .
Children , one with a stick , and six petting a dog with a blue leash .
A group of children are petting a white dog on the grass .
A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside .
a group of children playing with a dog
Group of children surround and pet white dog with blue collar on grass .
A big dog barking at a small dog through a fence .
A brown and white dog barking through the fence at smaller black and white dog .
The big dog is looking through the fence at the small dog .
The larger dog is barking at the smaller dog .
Two dogs fighting with a fence between them .
A boy with a beach ball behind him playing in a pool
A young boy plays around in a jacuzzi .
Children play in an inflatable pool .
The boy laughed as he swam in the pool .
Two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby .
A bicyclist jumps their bike while a crowd spread across a hillside watches .
A dirt biker competes while onlookers watch .
A man in a white jacket and helmet does tricks on his bike .
A man is performing a midair stunt on a dirt bike while people in the background watch .
A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch .
The orange rescue boat rushes across the water .
two men in an orange boat ride across the water .
two men in an orange raft boat
Two men in life jackets speed through the water in an orange motorboat .
Two men ride an orange raft to shore .
A man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach .
A man pushes a baby in a carriage on the beach .
A man pushing a baby stroller at the beach , a woman with a little boy ahead .
Fat man on the beach with a stroller .
Man in drooping swim trunks pushing baby stroller along edge of beach .
A man does a jumping trick on a skateboard .
A man in a green shirt on a half pipe , doing a skateboard stunt .
A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches .
A skateboard is sideways in the air .
a skateboarder wearing a green shirt and jumping in the air
a race car spinning out of control on a racetrack .
A race car spins on the track .
A silver and black race car turns sideways and blows smoke out the back of the car .
A silver car goes out of control on a racetrack .
The grey car skidded down the track .
A man in blue goggles is in the swimming pool .
A man with a blue , yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming .
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool .
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles .
A black and white dog has a red toy in his mouth and is jumping .
A dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth .
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog .
A dog with a red toy in its mouth .
dog with something red in mouth
Three black dogs wearing muzzles race through the green grass .
Three dogs leaping up in the air as they compete in a race .
Three dogs wearing vest are running on the green grass .
Three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass .
Three muzzled black dogs race through the grass .
A BMX racer comes down a hill ; everything around him is a blur
A dirt biker rides down a trail .
A man in blue is riding a bicycle on a track .
A mountain biker is giong down a hill on his bike .
A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time .
A guy with sunglasses stands on a skateboard in front of a circle design wall .
A man is skateboarding on asphalt while the sun beams over a wall .
A man on a skateboard
A young man skateboards in black shoes , black pants , and a white top with sunglasses .
Skateboarder wearing shades in front of a wall that looks like fishscales .
A man is playing fetch with a dog .
a man with tatoos playing fetch with a white dog with a black ear
A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick .
A white dog jumps in the air after a stick .
The white dog jumps for an object thrown by his master .
The girl with red sunglasses and a white shirt is sitting on a bench next to the girl in the black tank top .
Two people on a bench sitting in the shade .
Two people sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
Two women on a bench .
Two women , one in white , one in black , are sitting on a bench .
A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river .
A man is climbing a steep and rocky cliff overlooking water .
A man is climbing on rocks by the water .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A man rock climbing at the ocean .
a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background
Two dogs are running through a small pond
Two dogs play in a river , one is making a splash .
Two dogs run through the water near trees .
Two dogs standing in a lake .
A group of children play in the grass at a park .
Kids are playing a game of ball outdoors .
Kids playing on a lawn with a flag and parking lot nearby .
Three children are playing with balls near to an American flag .
Three kids playing with balls on a lawn
a man holding puppies
A man holds two puppies .
A person is holding two newborn puppies .
Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands .
Two white newborn puppies being held by hands .
A little boy and a woman dancing .
A man in a dance studio holds the hand of a boy , teaching him to dance .
Group of people teach a little boy in a red shirt and sneakers how to dance .
The little boy in the red shirt is dancing with the lady in the brown shirt and blue jeans while two people look on .
Two adults dancing with a little boy while another person standing in the background .
a dirt bike rider rides across the rock .
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A motorcycle rider on a path of rocks with a person holding a camera in the background with trees all around .
A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
A family poses seated on concrete steps .
A family sits for a picture on a staircase outside .
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside .
A group of people sit on the cement steps in the woods and smile .
These five people are seated on steps outdoors .
A boy holds a soccer ball while he stands next to a running track .
A boy is outside holding a red and blue soccer ball .
a young boy carrying a large soccer ball with a soccer feild in the background
A young boy in a green shirt is holding a red and blue soccer ball .
There is a young kid , dressed up in a soccer uniform , holding his ball .
A boy hits a ball , with a bat , outside , while others in the background watch him .
A man hitting a red ball with a bat while running in grass .
A young man hitting a ball with a bat .
Boy plays baseball in a grass field .
man playing cricket , hits the red ball .
A large dog looks at a smaller dog who is chewing a blue rope .
A large dog watching a small dog
A small dog chews on a blue shoe next to a large dog .
The brown dog is watching the white dog chewing the blue string .
The large dog watches the small one play with rope .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the sun 's reflection .
A dog is wading in the water .
A dog wading into the water
A dog walking through the pound .
The dog is walking out into the water and the sun is casting a reflection off of the water .
A man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light .
A man jumps towards a light with a white tarp behind him .
A person falls through the air in a room , with a step ladder in it .
Person jumps toward light in photo studio .
There is a person in jeans and sneakers jumping off the ground towards a large white light .
a man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall .
A man in grey sits and watches a waterfall from a rock .
A man sits watching a waterfall .
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .
A woman sits staring at a waterfall .
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape .
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert .
A man hiking with a large backpack and two poles near a collection of pointy white rocks .
A man with a backpack looks upon white objects on the ground .
Person hiking up a rocky slope with white objects in front of them .
A girl in a short dress carrying a silver purse looks at food in a bakery .
A woman with a large silver bag stands at a food counter .
A woman with a silver bag buying food .
A woman with a silver handbag waits in line at the lunch counter .
A woman with a silver shoulderbag is looking in a grocery display case .
A man in bright shorts hits a volleyball in the sand .
A man in colourful shorts reaching up to hit a volleyball .
a man on the sand wearing blue , pink and yellow shorts
A shirtless man in colorful shorts spikes a volleyball during a beach volleyball game .
The young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach .
people are getting ready to set sail on a boat
People on a boat carrying equipment .
Three men prepare to set sail on a sailboat .
Three people are organizing diving equipment on the deck of a boat .
Three people riding on a blue and white boat .
A boy carries a boogieboard on the beach .
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand .
A boy standing on a beach .
A kid in black carrying a cushion .
A young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand .
A man is on the back of his friend .
a man jumps on another mans back .
The guys in white shirts horse around near a park .
Two men do trick in a park .
Two teenagers are playing wrestling game in the park .
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
A man holding up another with his back .
A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over
one man in a hat flips over another mans back in the grass .
Two people play outdoors .
Two men dressed in street clothes horse around in front of a building .
Two men jump around together outside of a building .
Two men jumping outside on the grass .
Two young men goofing around on the grass in front the of union building .
Two young men in sportswear are running and jumping on the grass by a brick building .
A boy looks startled as he falls in the sand .
A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest .
A young boy falls back with his mouth open when sand is falling on him .
a young boy getting some sand thrown on his chest .
The boy is playing in the sand .
A man grinding down a handrail .
A man is skating down a rail in front of a group of people .
In the far distance , a boy is sliding his skateboard down a handrail .
Some skateboarders on stairs .
The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps .
An opposing wrestler is jumping off the top ropes onto another wrestler .
A wrestler is jumping off of the ring to hit his competitor .
A wrestler is ready to jump on another wrestler outside the ring .
One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring .
Two men are wrestling .
A group of players chase a ball on a field .
A group of young men playing a field sport .
Three young men play hockey on green astro turf .
Three young men with lacrosse sticks are chasing the ball .
Young men from two Japanese-sponsored teams play a game of indoor field hockey .
A baby reaches for water dropping
A small boy in the bath covered in soap suds .
A young toddler plays in the bathtub with bubbles and suds .
The smiling child has bubbles near their ear .
The toddler is splashing water in the tub with suds all over .
A group of bohemians stroll down the street , one with a shopping cart .
A group of four people prance away from the camera , one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping alongside .
A group of young people walk down a residential street , one pushing a grocery cart .
Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart .
Four young people walk down a sunny street , one pushing a shopping cart
A dog plays in the water .
a dog runs through the water .
A dog swims in the water .
A tan dog splashes as he swims through the water .
the dog is somehow causing a wave in the water .
A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain .
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard .
Little boy doing tricks on a skateboard on the sidewalk .
The boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air .
There is a kid doing tricks on a skateboard in a rural area .
A man rides a silver and red motorcycle .
A motocross driver speeds by during a race .
A motorcycle racer in a soft turn on an HP branded motorcycle .
A person is riding a red motorcycle around a track .
A uniformed rider is riding an endorsement-covered motorcycle .
A cyclist sits on some steps with his bike .
A helmeted man sits on steps with graffiti on them , and a bike nearby .
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
Man with a bike sitting next to rubble .
A collection of women sitting on the ground .
A group of women in native garb sit on the floor .
A woman with scarves in her head sits with 3 others staring at the camera with no expression .
Five people sitting down .
Woman with blue robe and headwear is sitting with other women .
A black dog runs across the water at a beach while another follows .
A pair of black dogs runs in the surf .
Dogs run in the surf .
The black dog is running through the water on the beach .
Two black dogs splash through the waves on a beach .
A boy skateboards off a ramp covered in graffiti .
A male skateboarder is skating in a vandalized skate park .
A man does a jump on a skateboard , surrounded by graffiti .
A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .
A skateboarder skates down stairs covered in graffiti .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
A brown and white dog running in a field covered in yellow flowers .
A dog running toward the camera in a field .
A while dog with a spot on his eye running through a meadow .
A white dog with a brown patch over his eye runs through a grassy field covered in dandelions .
A group of players on a team are posing together .
a soccer team poses for a picture .
A soccer team wearing red posing together .
A sports team poses on the field .
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background .
A group of women are standing in front of a building .
A woman in a white gown stands with other girls dressed up , one points across the street .
Five women in dresses , one holding a child , stand outside .
Four women and a bride stand on a street while one of them points at something in the distance .
Old lady with black dress and hat points out something to bride .
A girl in black hat holding an african american baby .
A lady with a black hat holds a little girl with a crown of flowers .
A woman holding a baby after a wedding
A young woman holds a baby with flowers on its head .
The red hair woman wearing a black tartan hat holds a baby with flowers on her head .
A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up .
Children climb a tree .
Children posing in a tree
Eight tan children making faces in a tree
Several children are in a tree , laughing and with their hands on their chins .
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background
A man in orange pants is climbing on something .
A snowboarder jumps off an old , snow-covered building .
Someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building .
The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height .
A man sits on a deck , taking a break from fishing .
A man sits on the edge of a brige , looking out , fishing poles behind him .
A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him .
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles .
The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles .
A BMX biker riding down a muddy trail wearing protective gear .
A man in black wearing a helmet on a mountain bike travelling very fast .
A man rides his dirt bike through the woods .
A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods .
A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest .
a horses with five jockeys and five horses
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race .
Jockeys on horses race around a track .
Jockeys ride horses during a race .
The people are racing horses .
A woman and a young girl are standing together with arms outstretched .
A woman in a skirt and green t-shirt has her arm draped over the shoulder of a younger woman in a white skirt and orange t-shirt .
A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
Two girls are standing together , posing for a picture .
Two woman wearing skirts stand together and smile .
A jockey in yellow and a jockey in blue are racing their horses down a grassy raceway .
The jockey wearing a yellow hat edges out the jockey wearing blue .
two horses with riders , race along the track .
Two jockeys , one in yellow , one in blue , riding horses in a race .
Two jockeys race horses
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
Cyclist biking down a steep path .
Extreme downhill mountain biking .
The biker is riding down a grassy mountainside .
The man with the full face mask is riding down a grassy hill
A man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools .
People tend a greenhouse with garden tools .
Three people in a green house .
Three young adults work in a greenhouse
Two women and a man smile at the camera with rakes in their hands standing in an unfinished greenhouse .
A couple in funny wigs pose for the camera .
A couple posing in wigs
A man in blue and a woman in brown , with orange hair , are hugging .
A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs .
The woman in the orange wig poses with the man in the black wig .
A guy and white dog standing on grass .
A man and a woman walk their small dogs at an outdoor event .
A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show .
At an outdoor dog show , a very small dog jumps on an older man .
Mutltiple people are walking small dogs near a tent .
A dog sits with a woman in an outdoor cafe .
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table
People walk and sit to eat at an outside cafe where a dog is near a woman .
The dog begs for some food at a local restaurant .
Two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl .
A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool .
a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
A black and white dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle while a person runs beside it .
A dog leaps over a hurdle , followed by its trainer .
A woman in blue running next to a black and white dog as it jumps over an obstacle .
The dog attempts to leap over the post .
a band in the studio
A group of musicians are recording music .
Three men posing with instruments .
Three musicians are posing for a photograph in a soundproof studio booth .
Three musicians in a recording studio .
A man in a wetsuit and helmet in front of a red wall .
A man in a wetsuit and helmet walks in front of a bright red building .
A man in scuba gear is walking .
A man is loaded up with gear to go diving into the ocean .
A man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear .
A white dog catches a green ball while standing in shallow water .
a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps in the water to catch a tennis ball .
a white dog jumps out of the water to catch a ball .
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red , yellow and white pole
A dog is jumping over a gate .
A dog jumping over a hurdle .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
Large brown dog jumps over red hurdle
A man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it .
A skateboarder completes a jump while another man records it .
A skateboarder does a trick on a ramp as another guy takes a picture .
A skateboarder is being photographed jumping off a step .
Two young men are skateboarding at a park near a large house .
Two small children play after a swim .
A young boy and a young girl in bathing suits .
Children in bathing suits play .
Two children in swimsuits are hugging each other
Two kids in bathing suits hugging .
A dirt biker is riding through deep sand and dirt .
A guy on the motorcycle .
A person rides a motorbike in a motorcrossing event .
A person riding the number 157 dirt bike on a sandy track .
Man riding motorcycle through pile of dirt .
A night scene of a skateboarder on a ramp , with onlookers .
A skateboarder at night on a ramp .
A skateboarder jumping from a ramp .
One man is skateboarding in front of a crowd .
These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night .
A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air .
a lone bicyclist jumping a trick along a bike jumping path .
A man performs tricks on a dirt ramp on a green bike .
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water .
A person on a bike rides through a dirt course near the water .
A horse and rider are jumping over a hurdle .
A horse rider on a brown horse jumping in midair over jump bars .
An equestrian clears a jump at a horse show .
A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse .
A woman in riding attire rides a jumping horse .
A man is standing on snow with trees and mountains all around him .
A man standing in snow with a mountain in the background
A man standing near a mountain range
A man stands on a snowy hill next to a mountain .
A man stands on snow and looks out at mountains and forests .
A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat .
A man is standing on the shore of the ocean posing like a bird .
A person 's image performing a yoga pose while looking at the sunset over the water .
A person watching the sunset over water raises her arms .
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .
A baby in a pool splashing water in the air .
A small baby boy sits in water with his hands up , splashing water droplets .
A toddler catches droplets of water as he sits in a shallow pool .
A young boy catching a stream of water .
Baby sitting in blue plastic pool while water drips onto its hands .
A person hits a yellow volleyball over the net to her opponent in a pool .
People are playing water volleyball .
Two people play water volleyball in a pool .
Two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net .
Two swimmers in a pool play at a net with a water polo ball .
A girl has rested her bike by a bench so that she can eat and ice cream .
A girl is sitting on a bench eating ice cream with a bike next to her .
A girl with a hat is sitting outside on a table with a bike leaning against the table .
A little girl eats ice cream near her bike .
A young girl sits on a metal bench with her bike eating ice cream .
A child does a skateboard trick off a ramp .
A long haired , bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface .
A man skateboarding up a ramp .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
A young man with long hair ramps his skateboard into the air .
A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A dog holding a baseball in his mouth .
A dog with a baseball in his mouth .
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .
The dog has a ball in its mouth .
A man and a woman wearing masks embrace at an outdoor festival .
A man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors .
two people acting out a scene in front of an audience .
Two people in masks dancing .
Two people in middle eastern garb embrace on a crowded lawn .
A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object .
A white dog running next to a bench .
The big white dog is running in the grass .
The white dog is running around in the grass .
White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
A boy wearing a white hat is running on the beach .
A child is walking through wet sand wearing a blue shirt .
A little kid wearing a hat is walking in the wet sand .
A small boy wearing a hat is standing in wet sand on a beach .
The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand .
A brown dog in a field .
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass .
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field .
A brown dog stands in the dry long grass and looks to the right .
The brown dog is standing in a dry grass field .
a brown dog swimming through a lake with a stick in his mouth .
A brown dog swimming with a stick .
A dog holding a stick swims in the water .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A golden dog swims with a stick in its mouth
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
A man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water .
A surfer catches a nice wave in the ocean and tries to pull himself up .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A surfer rides the waves .
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs .
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers .
A man is having his picture taken in a courtyard with people in ornamental dress .
A man photographs costumed dancers .
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers .
A man on inline-skates at a skate park
A man rollerblading on a ramp
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp .
A young man does tricks on a ramp .
Fisheye view of a man in Rollerblades grinding at the top of a ramp .
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing .
A man performs a waterskiing stunt .
a parasailer jumping a trick high in the air at a lake .
A person on a wakeboard is high above the water with a crane in the background
A waterskier high in the air above the green water .
A black and white dog is running along side a small brown or white dog in the grass .
A black dog chasing a brown one .
The dogs run in the green field .
Two dogs running through a field .
Two dogs run through a field .
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle .
a black and white dog jumping over a red , white and blue striped pole
A dog is jumping over red , white , and blue hurdles .
A grey and white dog jumps over a bar during an obstacle course .
Large black and white dog jumping hurdle
A group of dogs standing in a river .
a large group of dogs walking in a body of water .
Dogs play in creek .
Six dogs swimming in a river .
there are six dogs in the water
A man in a pink shirt is standing in a basketball court holding a basketball .
A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court .
guy holding a basketball wearing red shirt black shorts with something on left leg
Tall man in red and black stands outside holding basketball .
The man with the red shirt is holding a basketball and is in front of a basketball hoop .
People playing cricket in the park , pine trees in the back .
People playing cricket on a field .
Some adults play Cricket on a nice day .
Some men are playing cricket in front of a white building .
The men stand together out on the lawn .
A brown dog chases another brown dog who has a green ball .
Two black dogs are running in the grass , one has a green ball in his mouth .
Two brown dogs are playing with a green toy on grass .
Two brown dogs run through a field .
Two brown dogs run together .
A child with a pink headband and blue shirt smiling .
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband .
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .
Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt
A blond and a red haired woman sitting and having a drink together .
Two women are sitting down drinking a bottled beverage .
Two women drink from green bottles .
Two women drinking from green bottles as they sit .
Two women drink whilst sitting below a platform .
a dog jumps over another dog as both animals are trying to catch the same ball .
Two black and white dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs playing , one dog is jumping in the air above the second dog .
two terriers jumping after a tennis ball in a park
Two white and black dogs play and jump in a fenced area .
A group of people playing guitars and singing .
A group of people play instruments and sing .
Girl with guitar singing with three other people
There is a group of three women and one man singing while one of the woman plays a guitar .
Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone .
A crowd of people are walking down a city street .
A group a people walk around the corner near a brick building .
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building .
People gather together outdoors .
The people walk near a brick building .
A blond girl rides the waves .
A person in a black wetsuit is surfing a small wave on a beige surfboard .
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave .
Person surfboards on a wave .
The lady is surfing and riding a wave .
A little boy playing with two rubber chickens .
A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
a young redheaded boy walking in the grass .
Small child holding onto hanging rubber chickens .
The boy is holding on to a rubber chicken with eight balls on its feet
A man dressed in white runs away from two men chasing him dressed in black .
A man holding flowers runs from two policeman .
A man in white flees men dressed as law enforcement agents .
A man in white runs while two officers follow .
Men in black chasing man in white .
A woman is laughing while playing guitar .
A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone .
Two smiling women in costumes standing in front of a microphone .
Two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage .
Two women stand at a microphone , and one has a guitar .
a band performs .
A blonde woman stands behind a microphone .
An old woman singing and playing music .
A woman playing guitar and singing in the foreground and three others performing behind her .
A woman singing and playing an acoustic guitar and three people accompanying her .
A black dog is in action on a grassy area .
A black dog is jumping up on its back legs while standing on the grass .
a black lab jumps into the air .
A dog rears up on its hind legs in a yard .
The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard .
A man holding a trophy after a race .
A man in a yellow cap is holding up a silver trophy .
A race car driver is holding a trophy .
A winner gets a trophy .
Man in yellow hat holding up trophy
A backlit skateboarder ollies over a parking cone .
A boy does skateboard tricks at sundown .
A man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone .
A silhouette of a skateboarder in the air .
A skateboarder in silhouette jumps over an orange traffic cone .
A black dog pulling a green rope
a black dog pulling on a green rope in the grass
A black dog tugs on a rope .
A dog pulling a rope .
The black dog is tugging at a green rope .
a group of people wear black tophats .
A group of people , most of them wearing hats , are standing around .
A man wearing a black hat is smiling on a street as other men and woman walk past .
Men in black hats are standing in a crowd of people .
Men wearing hats walk on the street .
Boy pulls other boy over back .
One boy hoists another boy up on his back .
One child lifts another on his back , inside a room .
The boy in the gray shirt is holding the boy in the red shirt on his back .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
Three dogs are running in the water on the beach .
Three dogs entering the ocean .
Three dogs rush to chase a ball thrown into the surf .
Three dogs walking away on the waters edge of the shore .
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
A woman in a black shirt and white headband stretches in the sunset .
A woman stands with her arms in the air near the water at sunset .
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise .
Woman stretching on a beach at sunset .
Young woman lifts arms in shadow , ocean and sunset in background .
The children are on a tire swing .
Three children play in a large bowl shaped swing .
Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass .
Three children riding on a large swing .
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground .
The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow .
Two dark colored dogs are walking through the grass both holding a large stick .
Two dogs retreiving a large stick of wood
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .
Two dogs walking through tall grass carrying a tree branch in their mouths .
a baseball player just taking a swing at a stadium .
A baseball player swings the bat as a catcher and umpire watch .
A batsman is about to swing for a baseball whilst the catcher and referee wait behind him .
An ump in black watches a baseball game .
The baseball player takes a swing .
a group of people are holding a metal frame over a wooden floor .
A group of people working together with a star-shaped looking metal frame .
A woman in white directs a group of young people making a pattern with sticks .
There are several people gathered around a stick or metal frame .
Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students .
A girl plays T-ball .
A little girl about to hit a baseball off a tee
A little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball .
A little girl is swinging at a baseball .
A young girl in a pink shirt gets ready to swing bat at a tee ball game
A man sits next to a woman on a bus .
The back of two people sitting on one seat in a bus .
Two people are sitting on a tram during the nighttime .
Two people are sitting on the bus at nighttime .
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean .
A surfer going through a wave .
A surfer in water and foam .
A surfer rides the crashing waves .
The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board .
a group of several people sitting on the floor inside of a building
A group of anime cosplayers sitting in a hall .
A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school .
People wearing costumes wait in a room .
The actors wait inside the doors .
a dirt biker clears a jump .
Dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps .
Dirt bikes get airborne at a racetrack .
The motorcyclist race on the course .
Two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background .
A person hangs from ropes high in the air next to a building .
A person is flying in the air with a building to the left of him .
A person suspended by a bungee cord jumps off a building .
A skydiver flies through the air near a tall building .
The bungee jumper jumps off a tall building .
A group of men with shovels are digging in salt .
Four men shovel what looks like sand .
Men shovel snow while wearing shorts .
Men with shovels shoveling white sand .
These four men , two shirtless , are shoveling sand .
A sports team is lined up outside .
Two African soccer teams posing for a picture .
Two soccer teams posing .
Two teams line up either side of a pylon , on a barren playing field
Two teams stand in a line on a field .
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
A brown dog is laying down whilst wearing a superman shirt .
A dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .
A dog wearing a t-shirt is lying down .
The brown dog with a superman shirt on sleeps on a blue blanket .
An older man sits and several people stand .
An old man in a hat sits and looks straight ahead .
An old man looks at people shopping .
an old man wearing a hat sitting staring off into the distance .
This is a profile shot of an old man in a newspaper boy hat with people blurred out in the background .
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera .
a large group of people doing varied activities .
A woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera .
The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top .
Two women with backs to the camera .
A man rides his bike on the side of a rocky hill .
A person in a black backpack biking on a rocky path .
A person in purple shorts riding a bike up a mountain .
Mountain biker approaching a cliffside vista
This person is riding a BMX bike on a clifftop .
A bicyclist doing a jump .
a lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp .
A man performs a trick on a yellow bike in a skate park covered in graffiti .
A trials biker doing a trick in the air .
The bicyclist has both wheels off the ground .
A large brown dog relaxes in a green , grassy field while a smaller light brown dog walks on .
a large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass .
A large dog lying in the grass with a smaller dog next to him .
Two dogs are sitting together in a wheat field .
Two dogs laying together in grass
A curly haired woman in a plaid outfit taking a picture .
A woman taking a picture with a large professional camera .
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .
A woman with a camera with a very long lens takes a picture .
Woman with curly red hair using a telescope on the street .
children smiling with facepaintings
Three children are wearing face paint and smiling .
Three children wearing face paint pose together .
Three children with animal face pain at outdoor event .
Three kids that have their faces painted
A child dressed in a white coat paints an image on the paper laying on the table .
A child paints with different colors using brushes .
A small child fingerpaints
A small child wearing a white hat reaches for a paintbrush .
The little girl with the white hat and white shirt is painting .
A man rides his blue bike high in the air over a park .
a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair
Someone is airborne on a turquoise bicycle .
The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle .
Three women dance before a flag .
Three women dancing in robes .
Three women in dresses dancing .
Three women in saris dance near a large flag .
Three women wearing saris are dancing in front of a flag that is hanging on a wall .
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball .
Four boys kneeling next to each other with a ball in front of them .
four boys on a black top with a green and yellow basketball .
Four young boys pose with a green soccer ball in a park .
There are four smiling boys with smiles on a playground with their ball .
The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball .
Three men in uniforms are playing cricket on a field .
Three men participating in a competitive field hockey game .
Three people are chasing a ball in a field hockey game .
Two male athletes wearing the same uniforms are playing against another male athlete on the opposing team .
A boy flipping off a skateboard going down a flight of stairs
A skateboarder leaps over stairs in a city .
Boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs .
Skateboarding on stairs , with open air trick .
The skateboarder does a jump down stairs .
A girl bends down to paint something underneath her .
A girl is holding a paint brush in a plastic cup and painting the ground .
a girl paints the road .
A little girl painting the sidwalk white .
A little girl paints the ground white outside .
A baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net .
A boy whose head has been replaced by a baseball .
A Child hits a baseball into a net .
A child is throwing a baseball into a net .
A young boy with a baseball obscuring his face through a net .
A girl in hot pink leotard is leaping through the air .
A gymnast vaults through the air .
a young girl wearing a pink leotard jump in midair
Group of gymnast look on as a girl in a red bodysuit completes a stunt .
The gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping .
A person doing the backstroke in an outdoor pool .
A person swimming in a pool next to some chairs and a table .
A swimmer doing backstrokes in a pool
Person doing backstroke in pool
The person is swimming on their back in a pool .
A man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink .
A young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can .
The man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer .
Two young men are at a party .
Two young men are posing for the camera .
A man and two little boys walk around the outside of what appears to be some kind of store .
Children walk in the city .
kids straggle behind father in graffiti covered alleyway
Two children follow a man down a city street .
Two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack .
Men play baseball .
Teenagers playing baseball .
The baseball player is catching a ball on the field .
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield .
Two guys playing baseball .
A couple stands close at the water 's edge .
The two people stand by a body of water and in front of bushes in fall .
Two people hold each other near a pond .
Two people stand by the water .
Two people stand together on the edge of the water on the grass .
A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game .
A young baseball player sliding into a base while a dust cloud rises and the other team moves around him .
Boys playing baseball , cars parked in the background .
Five little boys are playing baseball .
Kids playing ball in the park .
A little girl is looking at the two horses on the other side of the fence .
A small child staring at a horse and a pony .
Two horses are looking at a small child .
Two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt .
Two horse stare at a young child with crumbling structures nearby .
A man doing a trick on a skateboard .
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard in a covered area .
a skateboarder performs a trick .
A young boy playing on his skateboard on a patio of an interesting building , while two people are sitting in chairs in the background .
Man doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch .
A bunch of people standing next to a car with its trunk open .
A crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front .
A group of people are standing behind a small hatchback vehicle out in the country .
A group of people gather on a gravel road near a car .
Many people are standing outside of a car on a rural road .
A boy jumps over a red and black rope at a crowded park .
A man dressed and a black shirt and pants is high jumping over a red and black pole .
A man wearing black jumps over a red and black striped pole .
A young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park .
Man in black jumps over a rope as crowd looks on .
A person is being swept to the ground by waves .
A person wipes out in the water .
A wave in the ocean crashes over a woman .
A woman has been knocked down by strong waves in the ocean
Someone with a wave rolling over them .
A pet dog , standing on bank is looking at another brown dog inside a pond .
A pug stands on the bank of a pond while a larger dog stands in the water .
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond .
One dog wades in the water while another dog is on land .
Two dogs wade in water by green vegetation .
A man holding up a big , yellow tent .
A man holding up a yellow tent .
A man holds a tent on a mountain campsite .
A person is picking up a yellow tent by his or herself in the great outdoors .
The man holds his tent up over his head .
A boy in a swing .
A boy swings on a swing set .
A child at the height of a swing .
A young boy swinging on a swing .
A young boy swings in the air .
A man swings a golf club while the person to his left waves an arm .
Man teeing off on a golf course with a large building in the background .
Two men are standing on a golf course with a large , ornate building in the background .
Two people are on a golf course playing golf .
Two people are playing golf on a golf course .
Two bald drag queens in red dresses
Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses .
Two bald ladies in red dresses and matching jewelry laugh .
Two bald people in red clothes
Two formally dressed , bald older women
A girl in a pink tank top is sliding on a ledge on a skateboard .
A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard .
Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall .
Young woman in pink does skateboarding figure .
A brown and white dog is jumping through a red hoop .
a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit .
A dog is jumping through a red hoop
A dog jumping through a hoop .
The collie dog is leaping through a red ring .
A mother and daughter pose in front of a waterfall .
A woman and a child are sitting on a log and stone fence with a waterfall in the background .
A woman and a girl sitting on a fence in front of a waterfall
A woman and her daughter in front of a waterfall
A woman is sitting with a girl on a fence in front of a waterfall .
Two girls point to a round silver mirror on the wall .
Two woman point at a mirror that is curved like a ball .
Two women , one with a camera , reach out and touch a mirrored ball .
Two women point to a silver object and take a picture of it .
Two women take a digital photo of a mirrored sphere .
A man in a straw hat and overalls is with a friend outdoors .
A man with overalls and a hat standing next to another man .
Man in hat and overalls with no shirt standing with man in striped shirt
The man in the striped shirt and the man in the hat are posing for the camera .
Two men posing for the camera , one in overalls , nearby a crowd of people .
A girl slides down a purple slide .
A little girl is sliding down a purple slide .
A little girl in a red shirt going down a purple slide .
A small child slides down a purple slide .
A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first .
A bridal party poses for a picture .
A wedding party stands in the church getting their picture taken .
a wedding photo of ten people with big smiles wearing black and white outfits
The bridal party poses with the bride and groom , all wearing black except for the bride .
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids , all in black .
A bride in a white dress is holding a purple bouquet whilst standing next to her groom .
A couple pose on their wedding day .
A man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture .
A wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom .
A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture .
A couple in wedding outfits watch the sea from behind a wooden railing .
A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water .
A woman in a long white bridal gown and a man in a black suit are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
A woman in a white wedding gown with gold trim standing with a man in a black suit .
The groom stands at a railing by the sea with his arm around the bride .
A man in a cowboy hat sits on bleachers near the water and plays guitar .
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake .
A man plays guitar on waterside bleachers .
An adult and a child on bleachers near the water .
Man sitting on bleachers wearing a white cowboy hat and playing a guitar
Two boys are sitting in front of a structure eating Popsicles .
Two boys eating popscicles outside .
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
Two little boys are sitting on a step eating ice lollipops .
Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles .
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach .
A black dog runs into the water at the beach .
a black dog runs through the water .
A dog running in the surf .
The dog is playing in the water .
A float depicting religious imagery .
A religious float is surrounded by people at a street festival .
People standing around a monument depicting the crucifixion of Jesus Christ .
Several people stand around an elaborate image of the crucified Jesus on a city street .
The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade .
A group of men carry a silver coffin .
Men carry a small structure on their shoulders while others play instruments behind .
Men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band .
Pall bearers at a catholic funeral .
The men are wearing purple and carrying a silver casket .
A smiling young brunette woman carries a black video camera in her hand .
A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park .
A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park .
A woman holding a video camera .
A young woman is standing on the grass with a video camcorder in her hand
A surfboarder catches the waves .
A surfer in a green striped wetsuit rides a wave .
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting .
A surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave .
The surfer is riding the wave .
A person is doing a jump with a skateboard on a ramp .
A skateboarder does an ollie off a black ramp near a colorfully painted building .
A skateboarder in the air at a brightly colored ramp .
Skateboarder does a trick on a ramp in front of a graffiti scene .
The skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting .
A man doing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp
A man in a red shirt make a skateboard jump on a ramp with graffiti .
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
Man skateboarding off of a ramp .
A girl crouched up over a swing at the park , spinning around .
A girl is kneeling on a swing at the park .
A girl with a red shirt and long brown hair is laying across a twisted swing with sand underneath .
A young girl in a red shirt swings face down on the swings .
Girl is playing at park on a swing .
A bicyclist flies through the air as he encounters a tree in his path .
A bicyclist is jumping over a large object .
A man on a bike is jumping off a dirt ramp .
A man wearing a light brown shirt is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods .
a
A man dressed in a suit surrounded by formally dressed women with flowers
A man posing with four girls in formal attire , probably at a wedding .
Four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom .
Groom posing with bridesmaids .
A girl in a red polka dot dress and red headband playing with a pink handheld game
A girl in red and white plays with a purple toy .
A girl with a camera , looking at the screen .
A girl with a red headband is holding pink camera .
One young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy .
A guy walking his four dogs .
A person walks four dogs on leashes in a parking lot .
a woman walks four dogs .
Man walking four dogs .
The man is walking the dogs .
A brown dog is walking in the river with a yellow ring in its mouth .
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river .
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water .
Grey dog in a stream surrounded by trees and shrubs .
The dog runs through the water while holding a yellow ring .
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean .
A man parasails in the choppy water .
A man wakeboards on choppy water .
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit .
A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water .
Two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them .
Two girls sit back to back .
Two women pose back-to-back in front of a high-rise building .
Two women sit back to back on a wall .
Two women sitting back to back outise an office area .
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head .
A man runs after a cricket ball on a grass field .
a person playing cricket in an all green outfit
A person plays cricket while being watched by a crowd .
A sports player in a green uniform .
A dog is chasing another dog carrying a toy .
A dog runs down a beach holding a yellow toy while another chases it .
a dog with a yellow toy is being chased by another dog
One dog is chasing another dog that is carrying something in its mouth along the beach .
One white and tan dog is chasing another white and brown dog who has a toy in its mouth .
A black dog on a rocky beach .
A black dog walks along an ocean front .
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
a black dog walks on the sand .
Black dog walking on the beach after swimming in the ocean .
A four wheel drive car is navigating along a rocky off road trail .
A jeep sidewalks on some rocks .
A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on .
A red truck is driving over a rocky surface .
A woman stands next to a red SUV that has run off into a ditch .
A boy laying on a sitting swing , face down , wearing a hat backwards .
a boy laying on his stomach , on a swing
a boy plays on the swing .
A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set .
A young boy plays on a swing .
A large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass .
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .
The large brown dog faces the little white dog on the grass .
Two dogs playing in a yard .
A team of four judges rates a competition .
Four judges are sitting at a table with the center left one speaking .
Four people are sitting at a table , with microphones and bottles of water in front of them .
Man in red shirt speaks into microphone
The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .
A lady speaking in a microphone and another taking notes .
a man wearing black , speaks into a microphone , while a woman writes .
Lady talks on microphone while sitting down .
Two women are sitting at a table with a microphone .
Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing .
A group of four men sits at a table on a platform before an audience in a darkened room .
A group of people sit on a panel on a stage with a crowd watching .
Four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience .
Four people sitting behind a table .
Several people sit at a lit table in front of a crowd
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
Kids practicing karate with harnesses to aid in balance
People dangling from straps kicking at each other
Two children kick each other while being suspended from the ceiling .
Two children play while being suspended in harnesses .
A diver midair against an urban background .
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting .
A man is bouncing on a trampoline next to tall buildings and a church .
A person in a swimsuit is diving off a building .
A person is performing a diving stunt off a tall building .
A guy is doing a skateboard trick in the city .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in an urban setting .
A man flips his skateboard in midair above the concrete ground .
A skateboarder doing a jump near some apartment buildings .
This rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend .
A child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest .
A cyclist streaks through the trees .
A person wearing a red helmet riding a white bike .
A person wearing a red helmet and yellow and white clothing is riding a bike outside in a wooded area .
The BMX biker rides through the forest .
A black and brown dog pokes his head above the white farm animals .
A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals .
A dog looking over the backs of sheep .
A dog 's head over the backs of some white animals .
Black dog amid white animals in the field .
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles .
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike .
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike jumping over a row of other green bikes .
A group of 10 men and women standing in a line in a yard in front of a tree
a group of adults are standing under a tree in front of a red brick house .
A group of older men and women pose for a picture outside of a building .
A large group posing for a photo on a lawn .
The group of adults take a picture under the tree .
A group of children and their gaurdian walk on the boardwalk and eat ice cream .
A woman and children with their ice cream cones .
A woman with four children are eating ice cream cones .
Family enjoying ice cream on the boardwalk .
The woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones .
A man performing a skateboard trick on a skateboard ramp .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding up a ramp that is covered in graffiti .
A skateboarder does a turn at the top of a half-pipe covered in graffiti .
A young man in a red shirt and jeans skateboards over a graffiti-strewn background .
Skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp .
A girl playing softball slides into home plate
A girl slides in for a homerun .
A runner is safe at home plate at a youth softball game .
Two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate .
Two girls play softball , one slides into plate as other fails to catch ball .
a boy throws leaves into the air .
A child looks at leaves blowing in the wind in the woods
A small , young boy wearing a white shirt is playing with fallen leaves outside .
Boy playing with leaves in the woods .
Young boy plays with leaves in a green wooded area
a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass .
A dog is running awkwardly .
A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
A woman and three children .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids .
A skateboarder in flannel rides his skateboard to the top of a ramp .
A young man does a trick on his skateboard on a slope .
A young man does skateboard tricks on a ramp .
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park .
A boy doing a skateboard trick off of a flight of stairs while people watch .
A group of boys watch a skateboarder jump a distant staircase .
a skateboarder jumps the stairs .
Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs .
Spectators watch as a skateboarder does tricks .
A dog jumps of a surfboard
A dog splashes through the water .
A dog swims in the ocean with a surfboard .
A golden retriever jumping from a board on an ocean beach .
A golden retriever jumps off of a blue surfboard in the water .
A girl holding a camera .
A little girl in a pink , floppy hat takes a photograph with a big camera .
A little girl in a pink hat holds a camera to her face .
a young girl wearing a pink hat holding a camera up to her face .
Young girl in pink hat taking pictures .
A group of guys are playing soccer on the beach .
Men playing soccer on red sand .
Several people on a beach , and a ball .
They are playing with a soccer ball on the beach .
Two young men play soccer on the beach .
Two males are playing field hockey , one with a blue stick , one with a gold stick ,
Two men are playing in a sports game together .
Two men playing a game with some sort of sticks .
Two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball .
Two players battle for the ball in field hockey .
A girl is wearing a large blue and red hat .
a girl wearing a british flag decorated hat sitting on the concrete
A woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat .
A woman with a tall , red , white , and blue hat sits on the ground .
Girl with a large hat with the British flag on it .
A man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top .
a military guard is wearing a ceremonial gold helmet and is holding a sword .
The guard is wearing a helmet with a red tassel .
The stands at attention with a stoic face .
Young man in gold helmet with red fringe
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
A white and tan dog walks on rippled sand on the beach .
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water .
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water .
A Pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall .
A white dog on a green leash is standing on its hind legs to look over a stone wall .
Dog on a leash looking over a stone wall
The leashed dog is looking over the stone wall .
The white dog is standing on its hind legs , looking over a ledge .
a closeup view of a cyclist riding on a bike
A cyclist leaning forward as he pedals his bike .
A man rides a bike in the woods .
Closeup perspective of a bicycle wheel being ridden by someone
Man riding bike in forest
A dog is jumping in the air with flowers in his mouth on a very windy day .
A small , wet dog leaps to catch a stick .
A wet dog catches seaweed in his mouth .
A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy .
The dog takes a leap on the beach to retrieve an unknown item .
A man and a woman are dressed up as ghost busters on a city street .
People in Ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk .
three ghostbuster impersonators
Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture .
Two people dressed up like the Ghostbusters standing on the sidewalk .
A brown dog and a tan dog run on a beach .
Dogs chase each other through water .
The black dog and the brown dog are on the ground .
Two dogs play in shallow water .
two dogs running on the beach
A pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights .
A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .
A person with torn orange leggings and black boots is sitting nearby a large crowd of people .
Someone sits with orange and black tights at an outdoor performance .
The person wearing orange and black ripped up tights lounges in the grass .
A group of people are rafting on river rapids .
A group of people white water raft on very choppy water .
A raft is being paddled through a white water river .
People are river rafting .
People white water rafting .
A man and a woman looking over a railing .
The two women are looking at mountains at a fence .
Two people look at a view .
Two people take in the view from behind a fence .
Two women standing in front of a fence looking at mountains .
A black and brown dog with a tan dog on a cement path in front of grass
A black dog and a yellow dog are walking on asphalt next to a field of grass .
A blurry photo of two dogs .
a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass .
Two dogs walk along a path beside the grass .
A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
A woman painting on makeup .
A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror .
Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint .
A boy jumps .
A boy raises his arms amongst a crowd of people who are not in focus .
A boy surrounded by people who seem to swirl around him .
A boy with a red shirt waves his arms in the air as he looks at another person .
The boy in the purple shirt and green jacket stands in the crowd whilst raising his hands in the air .
A guy jumps off of rocks into the water .
A man is jumping over the rocks , and towards the water .
A man jumping near rocks and a body of water .
a man jumping off a rocky cliff into the ocean
The man is jumping into the water .
Dogs running through snow .
The dog is chasing the other dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
The dogs play in the snow .
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
A blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it .
A blue building on fire with black smoke pouring out with a firetruck on the scene .
A large blue building has black smoke billowing out and a fire engine sits in front .
A man runs as a firetruck arrives to a fire .
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .
A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows .
A woman holding a cup of beer and a man walking down the sidewalk .
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white .
A woman with a beverage and a guy walking behind her .
The woman wearing a red jacket is holding a glass and she is in front of the man in a white t-shirt .
A boy in a green shirt is riding his skateboard in a park while three boys watch .
A boy on a skateboard at a skate park .
A boy rollerskating in the street .
A child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground .
A young man is skating in a skate park .
A family watches as a little girl blows out the candles on her third birthday
a little girl blows out her candles .
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake .
The girl is blowing out the candles on the chocolate cake .
Two girls look on at birthday girl blowing out candles as mother stands by
A number of people ascending a zig-zag ramp with bright blue railings .
People are walking up a zigzag patterned ramp in front of a building .
People are walking up a blue railed walk-way .
Several people walking up a ramp with a blue handrail .
Six people are walking up a blue ramp
A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition .
The horse and rider are jumping over a fence .
The horse and rider are jumping over a white fence .
The horseback rider and her horse are jumping rails .
Women on horse jumping over gate .
A brown dog and a white dog run along an ocean shoreline
A white dog and a brown dog run alongside each other at the beach .
Two dogs are running on a beach .
Two dogs chase along the beach .
Two dogs one white and one brown are running together on a beach .
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers .
a dog runs through the long grass .
A golden retriever runs through a field of yellow flowers .
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .
White dog running through a field of yellow flowers .
A few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net .
Boys are throwing a football on the beach .
The children are playing a game , with a volleyball net and a football , on the beach .
three boys play volleyball on a busy beach .
three boys play with a football near a volleyball net at the beach .
A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair .
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle .
A naked woman wearing body paint riding a bicycle .
A painted woman rides a bike in public .
A young naked lady in body paint rides a bike through a street festival .
Two dogs playing in the water .
Two dogs playing in the water , one is bounding at the other .
Two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
Two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
A dog and woman at a dog agility course
A woman guides a dog through an obstacle course .
A woman plays with her dog on an obstacle course .
There are four people and a dog jumping through a black , yellow , and white hole .
The woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment .
A black dog has just jumped into a swimming pool .
a black dog swimming through a pool .
A black dog swims in a large pool .
A dog in a pool .
A small dog swims in a pool .
A lady walks behind a wheelchair while another lady walks behind her .
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair .
An elderly woman pushing a stroller
A woman in a white coat pushes a cart .
A woman wearing a white coat pushes a wheelchair through a crowd .
A man chains his bike to a rack while a woman in black and red walks .
Several people , one being a woman in a black dress , are outside , near a bike rack .
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
A few puppies get washed in the tub .
Small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead
Three puppies are in a bathtub getting sprayed with water from a showerhead .
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person .
Three white puppies are being washed in a bathtub with hand held shower .
A pelican in mid-flight above a group of pelicans .
Birds flocking by the water 's edge .
Large birds standing on the edge of a body of water while one in the middle is coming down for a landing .
One bird is landing on the shore near many other birds .
There are several pelicans and one is flying .
A little girl standing on a sandy hill on a beach .
A small child turns to look as she walks down a sandy path .
A young blonde girl stands on a beach .
A young girl is walking down a sandy path by a large body of water .
A young girl stands on the sand by a shore .
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy .
A dark colored animal splashes in the water .
A dog fetching a stick in the water .
Someone splashing in the water .
The dog is swimming in the water .
A girl hangs over the seat of a swing in a playground .
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach .
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface .
A girl is playing on a swing .
A little girl in red is swinging on her stomach on a playground swing .
A black dog is biting the neck of a brown dog
A dog bites another dog 's neck .
The black and brown dog with a red collar bites the brown dog .
Two dogs play with each other outside .
Two dogs wrestle outdoors .
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water .
A child in a pink and black bathing suit walks through water mist from colored rings .
A young girl stands under three large rings that shoot water in a water park .
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals .
A hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains .
A man sitting at the top of a mountain .
A person wearing a hat and glasses sits on a cliff and smiles .
A woman sitting on a high cliff
The hiker poses for a photo is the beautiful mountains .
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path .
A person does a jump on a bike in a natural setting .
A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up .
A person is jumping with a bicycle over dirt hills
A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery .
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field .
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth .
A black dog retrieves in the snow .
A black lab in the snow is holding something in its mouth .
the black dog carries an object in the snow .
A brown horse is in a wierd pose while galloping outside .
A brown horse jumps through its paddock .
A horse bucking wildly
A large brown horse is running in a grassy area .
Rear end view of a galloping horse out in the field .
A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water .
A boy in blue camo pants jumping into water .
A boy is about to jump into the water .
A boy jumps into the water at a beach .
A young man leaps into the water .
A bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall .
a biker performs a trick in the air .
A boy on a bike jumping .
A cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle .
A man in black is on a blue trimmed bicycle in front of a playground .
A baby is playing in a walker .
A laughing baby in a walker .
A young asian boy enjoys his toy .
The baby is smiling whilst sitting in a high chair with a red white and blue toy .
There is a little child sitting in a little chair playing with a toy .
a woman in green pants sits next to a woman in a pink jacket in front of statue of a fish .
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain .
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
Two young women sit by a fountain .
A plane flies with a cloud of smoke behind it .
A plane is diving through the sky creating a cloud of smoke behind it .
a small airplane flying through the air with lots of smoke coming out of the plane .
A stunt plane is billowing smoke into a clear , grey sky .
The airplane is billowing smoke and looks like it may crash .
A skateboarder flies through the air over the staircase of a sleek contemporary building .
A skateboarder leaps of steps outside a corporate building .
People sitting on steps with large buildings in the background
Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings .
Someone skateboarding over steps surrounded by buildings .
A boy in a striped oxford shirt points .
A boy points at something behind the camera .
A little boy wearing a striped shirt is pointing at something .
A young boy in a striped shirt pointing beyond the camera .
A young boy wearing a striped shirt points into the distance .
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman 's hair .
A little brunette girl sprinking confetti on a brunette woman 's head as she smiles .
A small girl puts confetti on a smiling woman 's hair .
A young girl dumps confetti onto a woman 's head as she smiles .
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A boy is playing in a jungle gym on a playground
A boy swings on a jungle gym .
A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground .
A small blonde boy dressed in shorts and a blue shirt playing on a jungle gym .
A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers .
A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers
Two girls are in a school hallway .
Two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .
Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers .
A man wearing a formal suit and hat stands next to a building .
a man wearing a tuxedo and top hat standing outside with some other people to hi right
Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them .
Two men in top hats and tuxedos are walking past a dry cleaning store and a casual man who is looking at them .
Two men in tuxedos and top-hats stand on the street as a boy with backpack passes by
Three friends making faces for the camera .
Three people posing for a picture with one man giving a kissing face .
Three young adults pose for the camera .
Two men and a girl pose with funny faces in front of a wood panel wall .
Young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses
A black dog jumping over a hurdle .
A black dog jumps in the air over the red hurdle .
A black dog jumps over an obstacle .
A black dog jumps over a show jumping hurdle .
a black dog running a course at a dog show
A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch .
a bmx rider launches off a quarterpipe .
A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp .
A kid does a trick on a bike at a skate park .
A teenage boy on a bicycle is jumping off a ramp .
A group of people sitting in a pink room with candles .
A large group of people are sitting down inside a building with red and yellow lights everywhere .
People are sitting at square tables in a red room .
People in a dimly lit lounge .
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room .
a child doing a jump on a skateboard
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
A person skateboarding at a skate park .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder executes a jump in a skate park .
Five children ride an amusement park ride .
Five girls on a carnival ride .
Five girls on an amusement ride .
Five kids are on a yellow ride at the amusement park .
several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
A competitor does a pole vault .
a man is pole vaulting in front of a white building .
An athlete pole vaults in a field with buildings in the background .
Javelin competition
The athlete pole vaulated above the bar while spectators watched .
A man in beige pants does a trick on a bicycle .
A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background .
A person on a bmx bike .
A person stunt riding on a BMX type of bicycle .
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle .
A blonde girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
Two girls hugging .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background
Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
Two large dogs , one light colored and one dark , running through snowy terrain .
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
A brown dog is playing with a white and brown dog in a grassy and treed area .
A brown dog is rolling over in the grass while a white and brown dog stands next to it .
A brown dog lies on its back fighting with a brown and white dog .
The two dogs are playing in the yard .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other on the grass , with one dog laying on its side .
A baseball pitcher wearing a white and red uniform caught in midpitch of the ball .
a baseball player in white uniform throwing baseball
A profession baseball player pitches a ball in a baseball game .
The man in the white and red uniform gets ready to throw the baseball .
There is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand .
A brown and white corgi trailing a leash chasing sheep .
A dog chasing livestock on sand .
A short brown and white dog chasing sheep .
a small tan dog herding some sheep
Brown and white dog , running on sand with livestock animals partially out of frame .
A little girl is wearing a flowing dress and carrying water balloons .
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
A young girl in a red dress and black shirt with two purple water balloons .
A young girl wearing a pink tutu .
The girl is wearing a pink tutu and walking through the grass .
A group of people walk down a city street at night .
A group of people walking down the street with one on the phone in a green hat .
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk , while the one in the green hat talks on a cellphone .
Four people are walking on a sidewalk .
four people walk down a sidewalk at night
A baby playing in the water at a beach
A chubby baby with an orange hat splashes in a shallow body of water .
A small baby dressed in blue shorts and a blue hat tries to balance with the help of an adult hand behind him .
A small baby splashes in water
A tiny baby in swim trunks and a blue hat .
A boy rides a game machine .
A child in a yellow shirt is playing a red arcade ride .
A child rides a mechanical ride .
A small boy is playing a racing arcade game .
a young man playing a motorcycle video game .
A girl and woman jump off of their swings .
Two females jump off of swings .
Two girls jump out of swings .
Two girls riding on swings .
Two girls swing over a red patterned surface .
A boy in orange and white swimming trunks is falling into water at a beach or lake .
A boy in orange shorts is playing in the shallow part of the ocean .
A boy in swim trunks in the water at the beach
A boy wearing board shorts falls backwards in the water .
a young man wearing a red and white floral swinsuit falling into the beach
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .
A rugby player wearing a colored top has scored a try as the players in black are running towards him .
A sports player on a field lying face down on the grass .
The young man dives on the field during a sporting event .
Three men on a field .
A large crowd in heavy clothing is posing for a camera .
large group of people walking
The people are standing in front of a building .
There is a crowd of people of men , women and children .
Two men , a woman , and two young boys stand in front of a large gathering of people outside a building .
An Olympic winner takes home two medals .
an Olympic winner wearing her two gold medals and a grey jacket showing a peace sign and a wave
A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers .
Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands .
Woman with two medals around her neck , holding up seven fingers .
A girl in a dress sitting on a red swing ride .
a girl sits on a swing ride .
A small Asian girl is sitting in a red seat on a merry go round .
The girl is sitting on a swing .
The young girl is sitting on the swing seat waiting for the carnival ride to begin .
A dirt biker rounding a bend on a downhill course .
A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail .
A person on a bike and wearing a helmet rides through a wooded area .
BMX rider , riding downhill on forest path .
The motorbiker is biking on an off road trail
A boys jumps into the water upside down .
A child diving headfirst into a lake .
A man is falling backward in swim gear over a large body of water nearby an urban area .
The man is going into the water .
The person is going into the water .
A rugby player tackling another .
A soccer player tackles a player from the other team .
Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock .
The men fight during the game .
two rugby players fighting on the field
A girl dances on a stage .
A girl dancing onstage .
A girl in white dances .
A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment
The blonde girl is dancing onstage in front of the sound equipment .
A boy skateboarding .
A person does a trick with a skateboard .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A skateboarder performs a trick .
The guy is wearing a blue shirt and doing an ollie .
A group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean .
A race with motor boats and all the people are wearing red helmets and life jackets .
Four powerboats racing across the sea .
Several speed boats are racing with people dressed in red aboard them .
The group of boats races each other .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean .
A surfer in a yellow and black wet-suit is falling off a breaking wave .
A surfer on his white surfboard catching a wave .
A young male surfer wearing a yellow shirt rides a wave in the ocean on his white board .
A young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave .
A family sits on a bench in front of a pool .
a few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
A girl wearing boots stands next to a swimming pool and four people seated on a bench .
A group of people talking next to a pool with trees in the background .
People sit on a bench by the pool .
One woman and two men on a bench .
one woman holding flowers and two men on a bench
Three middle aged people sitting on a park bench , with a rock wall in the background .
Three people sit on a bench outside .
Two men and a woman sitting on a bench .
The girls are both eating and the girl wearing the color red has cake icing on her upper lip .
Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face .
Two girls play with their food for the camera .
Two little girls are eating and making a mess .
Two young girls having fun while eating .
A child is sliding into a small pool .
A girl in a child 's swimming pool .
a little girl is sliding down a short slide into an inflatable paddling pool .
Girl splashing in kiddie pool
The dark-haired girl is sliding into a white kiddie pool .
A BMX rider in a red and black outfit is jumping on his motorcycle .
A dirt biker flies through the air .
A guy in red on a bike in midair .
A man in a red outfit jumps his motocross bike down the hill .
Someone in red on a bike is moving in midair .
A girl rides on a swing .
A girl swings high in the air .
A little girl swings high in artistic photograph .
A young girl rides a swing high into the blue sky .
The blond haired girl wearing the flowered dress is swinging on a swing towards the blue sky .
A man at a skate park doing a stunt .
A skateboarder doing maneuvers .
A skateboarder is riding his board on a ramp in a skate park .
kid doing tricks on a skateboard
The skateboarder is doing a trick at the skate park
A kite surfer jumps through the air .
A man is flying through the air hanging from a paraglider while others are water-skiing .
A person is parasailing over water , with other parasailors close behind him .
A person wearing a lifevest is in the air above water .
a young man parasailing in midair over the ocean
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog .
A bicyclist is drinking out of a bottle of water while riding .
A biker takes a drink of water .
A cyclist drinks water .
A man riding a bicycle drinks from a bottle of water .
A person takes a drink of water while riding on a bike .
A girl in a pink dress is jubilant while a woman blows bubbles nearby .
A woman is blowing bubbles and a little girl in a pink outfit is playing in front of her .
A young child is trying to catch bubbles that a woman is blowing towards her
A young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles .
A young girl is popping bubbles a woman is blowing .
A man on a motorcycle rides donuts with a crowd watching
A motorcycle rider spinning his tires in a circle .
A motorcyclist burns rubber in a circle while a crowd watches .
A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks .
Person on blue motorcycle with smoking back tire and people watching in the background .
A woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station .
A woman leaning against the wall in the " Dupont Circle " subway station with a trashcan to the right .
A woman reading while waiting for a train .
Woman waiting for the train .
Young woman standing on platform with train to the right
The two dogs are interested in the gravel ground surrounded by concrete .
Two dogs are both curious about the object on the sidewalk .
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks .
Two dogs play with each other on the sidewalk .
Two small dogs search the ground for something .
A man is lying in a grassy field reading .
A man laying in the grass reading .
A man lays on the grass in a field and reads a book .
A man lies in the grass reading a book .
The man is laying in the field reading a book .
A group of girls dancing on a stage .
A group of teenage girls do a synchronized dance in Hanna Montana costumes .
Girls in a line do a dance .
The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits .
Young girls in dancing outfits perform on a stage .
A girl kicks a ball
A little girl gives a good kick to a blue ball .
A little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball .
a young girl kicking a blue ball
Young girl in pink shirt kicking blue ball .
People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
Two balloon artists are standing and sitting on a dry dirt hill .
Two men wear funny looking black suits while climbing a mountain on a clear sunny day .
Two people in black outfits , surrounding themselves in black balloons in a desert
Two people with balloons climb a hill .
Two girls arm wrestle as another observes
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches .
Two girls arm wrestling , while another looks on .
Two teenage girls arm wrestle while a third girl watches .
Two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches .
A girl dressed in orange flies in the air while jumping on the bed .
A girl is jumping on the bed .
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room .
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed .
Young girl jumping on a bed .
A brown and white dog is standing in shallow water on a beach near a large rock outcrop .
A brown and white dog on the beach .
A dog standing on a beach .
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him .
An unusual looking dog is standing in front of a beautiful backdrop .
The two children , one with a scarf tied around their forehead , walk down a modeling runway .
Two boys are walking along the stage whilst being watched by several people .
Two children walking on a platform .
Two children wearing denim walk on a runway .
Two little kids walk the catwalk showing off their fashion .
Girls moving around in a spacious room .
Three girls are dancing in a large room .
Three girls dance on a wooden floor .
Three girls dancing .
Three girls dancing on the hardwood floor on an emty room .
A girl in a white shirt kneeling down lighting a candle .
A girl is amid many candle lanterns .
A girl kneels down by a rows of candles .
A young girl kneels beside rows of candles while others walk by .
young girl kneels on a grassy field filled with candles
A female martial artist kicking another female martial artist in the face
One karate sportwoman kicks a karate sportman
One martial artist kicks another 's face during a competition .
Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .
Two women participate in a martial arts match .
Cyclists are riding bikes on an off road course beside a river .
Kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront .
People riding bicycles at night on a track .
The teenagers are performing tricks on their bicycles at night .
Two boys on off-road bicycles fly over a hill .
A closeup of two women standing together .
A woman wearing purple looks away while a woman in orange grins at the camera .
one girl wearing an orange tank top and black sunglasses smiling at the camera next to another girl .
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and red sunglasses while her friend wears an orange shirt .
Two women stand wearing sunglasses .
A blonde-haired child squeezes paint onto a spinning wheel .
a child is playing with a green , white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground .
A child painting on a piece of spinning paper .
A child pours syrup on a spinning device
Child squirting paint onto a piece of spin-art .
A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers .
A little blond girl in a flowery dress among white flowers .
A young , blonde girl picking flowers in a grassy field .
A young girl in a field of white flowers .
The blonde little girl picks flowers in a field , wearing a white dress with flowers on it .
A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool .
A man rides a skateboard up the side of an empty pool .
A skateboarder dressed in white is dropping into a blue bowl .
A skateboarder hanging off the edge of a bowl at a skate park .
A skateboarder in an empty pool .
A couple kiss each other on the lips .
a couple kisses .
A man and a woman kiss .
A woman and a man are kissing .
A woman in white and a man in black , with an earring , are kissing .
A woman biking along a trail surrounded by various plants .
A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field .
A woman rides a bike over a dirt path through the long grass .
A woman riding a bicycle in a field .
Woman on bicycle riding down dirt trail .
A dog rolls in the grass .
A small white dog rolls over on the grass .
A tan dog rolls in the grass .
The grey dog is rolling on its back on the grass .
The yellow dog wears a blue dog tag and rolls on a green field .
A lady walking in red boots while wearing headphones .
A woman dressed in winter wear walks outdoors .
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs .
Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street .
The woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones .
A dark skinned man standing outside a small yellow building which is setup to sell items .
A man is standing outside a yellow building .
A man is standing outside of a yellow building .
A man standing in front of a yellow building
The man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window .
A girl in a lavender shirt looks puzzled .
A girl in a purple sweater and a shoulder bag is looking to the side with a lot of people behind her .
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face .
A woman with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse .
A guy in a costume , a crowd watching him .
A man standing in front of a crowd .
A performer putting on an act in front of a large crowd of people .
A person wearing a black coat and a helmet with spiky things is posing on the lawn in front of a crowd of people .
one person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn
A boy in a park playing with two orange balls .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
Boy playing on the grass with an orange ball .
Little boy juggling orange balls in the park with a playground behind him .
A dog is being washed by two little girls .
two girls giving a large dog a bath
Two little girls in summer clothes are washing a brown dog .
Two young blonde girls are washing a golden retriever .
Two young girls bathing a golden retriever outside .
A martial artist kicks the face of his opponent .
Martial artists are sparring against one another .
Two black belts sparring , one kicking the other in the face .
Two men wearing black belt martial arts uniforms are sparring , one of whom has kicked his feet up to the other man 's face .
Two men with black belts engage in martial arts .
A disk jockey holds a picture of Michael Jackson .
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album .
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
Girl in club DJ both showing camera the cover of Michael Jackson 's " Thriller . "
The girl is wearing headphones and holding a Michael Jackson album .
A child is playing near a swing set , with a hedge in the background .
A child jumping out of a swing near some bushes .
A young boy jumps off a swing set .
a young man wearing a blue shirt jumping off a swing set
Young boy leaps from a swing
A couple walking and holding hands .
a man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees
a man and woman are walking whilst holding hands down a leafy lane .
A man and woman walk side by side down the road .
A man with a white t-shirt and a woman with a sleeveless dress walk down a dirt road together holding hands .
A boy and a girl playing in the pool on a sunny day .
a girl in a bikini jumps into a pool
A girl with a boy standing behinf her is stepping into a swimming pool
A young girl jumps into the deep end of a swimming pool while a young boy is nearby .
Young girl jumping into a swimming pool .
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area .
Three dogs moving through grass .
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera .
Three dogs running in a field of grass .
Three dogs run through a manicured lawn .
A boy on a skateboard in midair
A male jumps in the air while on a skateboard .
A skateboarder leaps in the air on a city street .
A skateboard teenager wearing a dark shirt and blue jeans rides his board on top of a red fireplug .
This skater is jumping over a hydrant .
a few girls on a woooden pier eating ice cream cones
A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting .
Two older women and a little girl standing outside under flowers .
Two women and a little girl are eating ice cream .
Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers .
A bearded man at a fair wearing a black tank top and a plaid hat .
A guy with a black tank top .
A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat
A man wearing a black tank top and red plaid hat is smiling as a man behind him is playing with a colorful object .
A man with face peircings and a red fadora hat smiles at a fair .
A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off camera .
A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering .
A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd .
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater .
Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling
A blonde toddler in a light green shirt sitting in a green chair surrounded by other green chairs .
A cute toddler girl waits in her stroller .
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair .
A little girl is turned around in her seat at an event .
A young girl with blond hair holding onto a rail
two fighters kick boxing
Two people kick boxing , with others spectating .
Two woman spar in a kickboxing match .
two women are kick boxing .
Woman kicking head of another kick boxer
a man in a white t-shirt with a red logo is wearing colored beads whilst carrying a flag past a row of spectators .
A man is smiling while participating in a parade .
A person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole .
Man wearing mardi gra beads and waving a flag
Man with Mardi Gras Beads around his neck holding pole with banner
A brown haired man is wearing a blue shirt that says , " Boys will do boys " .
A man is wearing a blue shirt that is rolled up above his abdomen .
A young man , bearing his midriff , and other people are gathered in a city street .
Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
There is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads , " Boys Will Do Boys , " waving at the camera .
A homeless man being observed by a man in business attire .
A homeless man holds up his pants as another man observes in the distance .
a homeless person being looked at by another man
A man looking at a sad homeless man whose clothes are torn on the street .
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
A brown and white dog running out of the woods through snow .
A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground .
A dog running through snow with trees in the background
A German shepherd playing in the snow near the woods .
A large German shepherd runs though deep snow .
A brown dog is running through the ocean .
A brown dog swimming through murky water .
A brown dog with a silver collar runs through shallow water .
A small brown dog swims in the water .
The dog is swimming across the water .
a Boston baseball player at bat
A Boston Red Sox baseball player holds the bat waiting for the incoming pitch .
A man is playing baseball .
A player on the Boston Red Sox prepares for a pitch during a game .
Baseball batter ready to hit the ball
A man in a green Speedo dancing .
A muscular black man dancing in short shorts .
A shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses with a man in white shirt and sunglasses .
The muscular black man is dancing while the man behind him wears green beads .
Two men in green underwear and green beads dance together .
A professional horse race
Four jockeys and their horses race towards the finish line at a racetrack .
Horses with jockeys participate in a race .
Jockeys ride their horses down the track during a horse race .
Three horses and their jockeys compete in a race .
A girl in a blue shirt is grinning and walking in a crowd or people .
A girl wearing a tight blue shirt and an army cap walks in a crowd .
A woman in a blue shirt with no bra .
A young woman with a green hat is walking in the busy street .
The young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day .
a baseball player slides to the base .
A catcher tries to beat a runner to home plate .
A person playing baseball slides for home .
Two baseball players on a field , with four spectators , and a crowd .
Two men on opposite baseball teams dive for a baseball at homebase .
One black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag .
Three black and white pug dogs were laying and playing outside .
Three spotted dogs outside a house .
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
Two small dogs are fighting over a bag while another sleeps .
Children laugh and smile .
Little boys points a pink gun in the air while a little girl watches and laughs .
two children laugh .
Two little kids laugh at a park .
Two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red .
A man in a bowler hat , a low cut vest and flowers waves in a parade .
a man wearing makeup and wearing a skimpy vest
A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached .
A person wearing a colorful costume waves to a crowd .
People in red and black clothing are walking in a parade .
A little girl is peaking out from behind a tree .
A little girl peering out from behind a tree .
A young girl hiding behind a tree in a forest .
A young girl peeking out from behind a tree in a wooded area .
A young girl wearing a striped dress peeks out from behind a tree .
A man looking across a street .
a man looks at the city .
A man standing on the street looking at a woman across on the road .
A young man in a grey sweater is looking downtown .
Two people stand across a city intersection from each other .
A brown and white dog trots across shallow water with his mouth open .
A brown spotted dog walks in shallow water .
A greyhound walks in the rain through a large puddle .
A white and brown dog is walking through the water .
The dog walks through the water .
A person in an airplane .
A person sits inside a small plane on the ground .
a small jet takes off .
A small white plane with someone visible in the window is sitting on a runway .
Small plane with spinning propeller on ground , pilot seen through windows .
A girl and a boy watch a dog try to climb a tree .
Boy and girl look on a puppy climbs tree
The dog that the two children are walking is looking up at a tree .
The two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree .
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree .
A bird is standing on a rock next to her six babies .
a mommy duck walking along some rocks with a group of baby ducks .
An adult duck stands on a rock with seven baby ducks nearby .
The mother bird looks over her babies .
There is a grown duck and several baby ducks .
a girl is swimming in a clear water in a blue pool .
A girl swims through clear blue water .
A person is swimming underwater in a pool .
A person swimming underwater in a swimming pool .
A picture of somebody under blue water .
a kayaker plungles into the river .
A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters .
A person is half submerged in water in their yellow kayak .
A woman has positioned her kayak nose down in the water .
The man in a yellow kayak is paddling through rough waters .
A guy in gold chains , a black top , and gold shorts is walking with his arms outstretched in a parade .
A young man raises his arms as he marches in a parade .
A young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade .
Man in gold jewelry and shorts by a parade .
The man in the gold lame shorts is wearing many gold necklaces .
A bus is carrying people while decorated with banners in the colors of the rainbow .
A group of people on a bus with colorful flags wave at the people below .
People are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags .
People in a tall bus wave while holding colorful flags .
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders .
A boy in a red shirt walks down the street through heavy rain .
A boy in yellow walks down the street .
A boy walks in the rain with tennis balls in his shirt .
A child carring something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street .
A girl holding a bag walks down the street in front of the chief justice 's office .
A dark man in a white and green feathered mask with green jewelry and pants .
A man in a costume participates in a parade .
A man in a green and silver Mardi Gras costume in a parade .
A man is wearing a mask , green beads and green pants .
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade .
A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace .
A man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole
A shirtless man wearing bracelets and a garland , carrying a pole .
A young topless man carries a Brazilian flag whilst wearing a colorful bracelet on his arm and flowers around his neck
The young man with the colorful flowered lei and colorful bracelets is holding a flag .
A man is shirtless and is covered in red marks .
A man with several red marks on his body is holding a flag while people in the background are cheering
A shirtless man covered in red lipstick kisses waving a blue flag .
A shirtless man waaves a flag .
A shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick .
A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier .
A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back .
A topless woman with bright red hair watches a gay pride parade .
A woman with pink hair an tattoos stands near a rainbow banner .
The woman is wearing black shorts at a parade .
a dog gets sprayed by a hose .
A dog is being sprayed with water .
A dog jumping through the air getting hit by water .
An animal is hosed down by a brick wall .
Leaping dog sprayed by off screen person with hose .
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table .
A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table .
Two older people drinking coffee outside .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces .
A boy wearing a red shirt jumps off the blue slide .
A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground .
A young boy wearing a red shirt is jumping off of a blue slide at a park .
The blonde boy is wearing a red shirt and jumping off of a blue slide .
There is a kid jumping off a blue slide .
A long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade .
A woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing .
A woman in a white skirt and tank top is flailing about with others nearby .
The girl in the green top and sunglasses is performing in a parade .
Woman in a blue shirt and sunglasses dancing .
A man in a uniform smiling and waving at the camera .
A man in a uniform waves while holding a banner during an event .
A man in uniform waves and smiles at camera
A police officer waves at a street fair .
The man in a black uniform and hat , holding part of a banner , is waving .
Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road , with onlookers behind a barricade .
People are dressed in purple , blue , green , yellow , orange and red costumes for a parade .
Six people in bright mono-color costumes , each a different color , are walking down a street .
Six people walking in a parade wearing brightly colored outfits .
Six women dressed in purple , blue , green , orange , and red , are waving to the crowd along the parade route .
A boy is blowing bubble underwater .
A boy is swimming underwater and bubbles are coming out of his mouth .
A child holds his breath underwater .
a young boy diving through the water with his eyes open .
A young boy is underwater in a swimming pool .
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling .
The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on .
Two guys in leather , standing in a crowd .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade .
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade .
People in orange shirts marching down street with Unified In Pride sign
The woman in the red shirt is holding up a peace sign with her fingers with a red banner behind her .
The woman is flashing a peace sign .
A blond girl in a green dress and elaborate gold necklace stands in front of a few women and a man .
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
A girl is wear a green dress .
blonde girl wearing green dress standing
Woman in green dress being observed
a boy wearing plaid shorts jumping over a big water fountain .
A man in plaid shorts is jumping over a fountain .
A man is jumping over a water fountain .
A man jumps near a water fountain .
The person wearing flannel shorts is jumping over a fountain .
a girl in a purple top holds a toddler between herself and another girl on the grass in front of a bush .
Three children sit on the grass .
Three little children are sitting in the grass .
Three little girls are sitting on the grass .
Three young girls are sitting on the lawn
A boy tries to catch a ball while jumping into a pool .
A male dives for a ball that 's flying over a pool .
A male jumping into a swimming pool .
A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel .
The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football .
An asian girl is running outside .
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path .
A woman runs on a chalk white path .
A woman runs on the beach .
A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds .
A woman is climbing a rocky hill overshadowed by a partly cloudy sky .
A woman nears a cliff 's edge .
a woman walks across a large rock .
Woman in black sports bra and shorts standing on an rocky elevation .
Woman walking on the rocks .
a man doing a rollskating trick on a ramp
A man grinding the lip of a pool on his Rollerblades .
A man wearing green glasses crouches near the camera .
A man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard .
A rollerblader pauses at the top of a skate ramp .
A female runner in a race
A woman athlete wearing orange and black is running whilst carrying an orange beverage bottle .
A woman in an orange top and black shorts is running .
A woman is running a race carrying a plastic bottle .
A woman jogger .
A bmx biker is in midair attempting a trick .
A boy does a trick on a bike in the woods .
A person is in the air with a trick bike .
A person riding a bike , doing a very high jump .
The young man is performing a bicycle trick high in the air .
A man jumps off of a dock and into the water .
A person jumping off a dock into water .
Person jumping into the water .
The boy jumps into the water off of a dock .
The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock , into the water .
A cop is standing next to a person dressed like a clown .
A female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the Joker in Batman .
A man with face makeup and a red piece of fabric hanging from her mouth is being escorted by a police officer .
A policewoman standing next to a person wearing bright red glasses .
Policewoman , with person streaked with colors and with red cloth in mouth .
A couple enjoying the high plains with their dogs .
A man is taking a photo of another man and his two dogs on some grassy hills
Dog training on the mountain
The man wearing the white shirt takes a picture of the man in the blue shirt with the two dogs .
two men take a hike with two dogs .
Two hikers crossing a snowy field , with mountainous terrain behind them .
Two hikers , one wearing a bikini walk on snow .
Two people are hiking in a mountainous region .
Two people in shorts hike on the snow in the mountains with a lake in the background .
Two people walks across a field of snow .
A girl climbs an inflatable wall over water .
A woman climbs up a floating object on the water .
People climb on a structure near water .
Two girls are climbing on an artificial climbing wall that is floating in a lake .
Two girls climb on an iceburg climbing device that is floating in water .
Girls are doing somersaults .
Girls cartwheeling inside .
Little girls do cartwheels in a large , empty room with folding chairs to one side .
Two girls are doing cartwheels as other children stand around watching .
Two girls doing cartwheels , while other children look on .
A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge .
a kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge
A skateboarder is airborne on a bridge .
A skateboard jumps down a bridge .
The skateboarder in the white shirt jumped into the air .
A man in a red uniform makes a jump in a dirt bike race .
a man participates in a bmx race .
Two BMX riders are racing around a bumpy track .
Two people go dirt bike racing .
Two people ride bicycles over a bumpy racetrack .
A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
A cricket player misses the pitch .
A man struck out playing cricket .
A man wearing white , including shin guards , swings the bat in a cricket game .
The three men are playing cricket .
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
Three dogs in the snow by a fence .
Three dogs next to a blue fence in the snow .
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
Two yellow dogs and a small dog walk through snow .
A man playing a piano
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .
A man with a ponytail is playing a decorated piano in the street next to a table with a red cloth .
A man with a ponytail plays a piano in public .
Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
Airplane emitting heavy red colored smoke .
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
A small plane is dropping a red chemical over the mountaintops .
Red spray is being ejected by an orange and white plane flying over the hilltops .
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire .
two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river .
Two people are in a pond pulling a life raft .
Two people are pushing a yellow dinghy through a stream as a man is running towards them .
Two people in brown hats pull a yellow tube in a small pond surrounded by greenery .
Two people trudge through the water with their raft .
A group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade .
People in matching outfits next to a canon .
Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition .
Six men are pushing a large wooden wheel along the ground in front of an audience .
Young adults wearing uniforms wheel a contraption .
A man does a trick on his skateboard in front of a crowd .
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks .
Man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand .
The skateboarder performs a jump in front of a crowd of spectators .
A girl in a white shirt is looking down at a bunch of people sitting on the ground .
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
A group of people gather outside on the pavement , some standing , some sitting .
Group of people standing and sitting outdoors .
Young adults gather near a bright light .
A blonde woman with a red backpack in the snow .
A lady with a headband is in the snow near a red backpack .
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam .
A woman with camping gear is heating something up in the snow .
Woman making drinks outdoors in a snowy landscape .
A black dog is looking through the fence .
A brown dog runs along a fence .
A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
a man talks to a boy .
An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .
Two boys talking while wearing unique outfits .
Two males in period costume are having a conversation .
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
a cyclist
A man riding on a red bicycle .
a man wearing a white and red helmet riding his red bike down the street .
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike .
A man with a red helmet is riding on a red bicycle .
A group of men in period clothing are standing in front of a hut .
A group of people dressed as pirates .
The people are in older looking attire .
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building .
The seven men are gathered .
A group of adults and children play with a parachute outdoors .
A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down .
A group of people holding up a bed sheet like a parachute while two people run underneath to fetch a soccer ball .
Many people raise a large sheet of fabric above their heads .
The group of people is holding a large sheet .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Two people mud wrestling .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
Two women in a mudfight .
Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool
A long haired drummer plays music outdoors .
A man with long hair and tattoos plays a drum outdoors .
A musician plays a drum while his hair covers his face , and tattoos dot his arms .
A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum .
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert .
A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course , while other people are in the background .
A small tan and white dog and trainer running an obstacle course
A woman is guiding a brown dog around an obstacle course
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course .
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
A black soccer male soccer player in a purple uniform with a soccer ball on his head , and a white male soccer player in a white uniform behind him .
A man in purple bumps the soccer ball with his head while a man in white battles with him .
A man on the purple team heading the ball in a game against the white team
Two guys colliding while playing soccer
Two guys playing ball and making faces .
Two dogs holding opposite ends of a toy with their mouths swimming .
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water .
Two grey dogs swimming in a lake to retrieve a white toy .
Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .
Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming .
Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass .
These two dogs are outside , with one on the ground and one jumping in the air to get a ball .
Two dog play with ball while one makes a big jump
Two dogs play with a ball in a field .
Two dogs play with tennis ball in field .
a bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
A bike rider catches air near a ramp .
A BMX rider in midair .
A man wearing a green shirt is jumping his bicycle off a ramp .
Cyclist in green shirt doing trick on wooden ramp
a man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall
A rollerblader is sliding down a railing .
A skater slides down a wall beside a long staircase .
A teenage boy is riding a skateboard on the stone handrail of a flight of outdoor steps .
The in-line skater slides down the wall .
A boy holding a rope .
A boy in a plaid shirt plays with string .
A boy wearing a green checked shirt is standing by a tree with a piece of rope .
A boy with rope in the woods .
The boy under the tree holding a rope .
A boy is sitting in a car seat in the backseat of a car .
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
A boy sitting in a car making a surprised face
A young boy is buckled into a car seat making a silly face .
The young boy with a silly face is buckled in a car seat .
A line of women dressed in colorful gowns standing on a round stage .
Several women wearing bright dresses are in a competition .
Several young women in tropical clothing stand on a stage .
Women line up on state in festive dresses in front of an audience .
Young women in dresses standing on a stage
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
a man plays his white guitar .
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing .
Man singing and playing a guitar .
This guitarist is performing .
Girls fighting on karate competition .
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
Two people are performing karate at a tournament .
Two woman are doing karate .
Two women in their karate uniforms kick at one another .
A bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind .
A dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind .
A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump .
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
Dirtbike rider jumps over a hill of a racetrack .
a fluffy little dog running through the snow
An ash colored dog is walking forward in the snow .
a small dog walking through the snow
A small tan dog runs through the snow .
A tan dog is walking through snow .
A man in shorts skis down a hill .
A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow .
A skier is skiing down the snow wearing a white shirt and black shorts .
People in summer clothing racing down a snowy hill .
Skiers are competing .
A blonde toddler in a white shirt and green pants standing at a wooden fence .
A blond little boy is standing by a fence .
A blond toddler in green trousers peeks through a fence .
A toddler in green shorts is standing by a wooden fence .
A toddler walks along a fence .
man on the left with his mouth open while the man on the right is raising his hand
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .
Near snowflake sign , man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones .
The man in the blue shirt wearing headphones around his neck is sitting next to the man who is working at a computer .
Two men playing on a computer
A bald man in a black wetsuit flips leaps in the air on a surfboard , holds on to a waterskiing handle
A man doing a trick on a wakeboard
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
A wakeboarder soars through the air .
Male performing water sports acrobatics while being pulled by a boat .
A bald man climbing rocks .
A bald , shirtless man rock climbing .
A man climbing up a rocky cliff
A man with no shirt on is rock climbing .
A rock climber scales a mountain .
A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him .
A father and child enjoy the water .
A man and child wearing a yellow life vest look up from the water .
An open mouthed child in goggles and a yellow life vest poses with a smiling man .
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
A bike rider jumps through the air while being filmed .
A guy on a bike jumps high into the air while another person takes his picture
A man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air .
A man on a BMX bike catches massive air while someone is taking a picture
Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films .
A bird has its wings spread very wide and is standing on rocks .
A bird takes off , surrounded by large rocks
A grey bird flies over the water by some rocks .
A large duck in flight over a rocky stream .
A seabird is flying over rocks .
A bird with a long orange bill drinks water .
An egret stretches his neck to eat things out of the still water .
A white crane looks for food in the water .
The white bird stands in water near tall reeds .
The white crane is searching for food in a pond .
A boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand .
A boy with a yellow shirt and light brown shorts is posing with a long dipping spoon in each hand .
A man in orange holds soup ladles and makes a funny face .
A young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .
A young man in an orange shirt brandishes two ladles .
Two children carry flowers as they walk along a grassy track .
two children hold hands and flowers .
Two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers .
Two children walk along a path holding purple flowers .
Two girl walk town a dirt road , holding flowers .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
Two children are walking by a pond
Two figures are walking by a pond .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
a boat floats in the water .
A boat with a red and white sail in a body of water in the back of this scene .
A ship with a red and white sail is in a body of water .
Boat sails in rough water .
Distant boat with striped sail , sailing between two land masses .
A group of people pulling on a rope
three girls tug a rope .
Three people are mountain climbing and the lady in front has long hair .
Three people are pulling a rope on a hillside .
Three women on one side of a tug-of-war
A child in an orange t-shirt is riding a green bike beside a pathway .
A child in red is riding a bicycle .
A child wearing helmet is riding baby bicycle by side of walk path .
A little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail .
A young child is riding a bike in the dirt along a brick walkway in a park .
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers .
Four boys and a girl on a sidewalk and grass .
The girl is playing while four boys look on .
The girl runs in the grass while others watch .
a boy wearing a white shirt and pink shoelaces jumping on a railing
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
A person on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is balancing on the rail of stairs .
A teenage boy jumps off a rail .
Two blond hair ladies are sitting on a park bench near a body of water .
two woman sit on a park bench .
Two women are sitting on a park bench
Two women sitting on a bench by the water .
Two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge .
A big sister in pink is giving her little sister a piggy back ride .
An Asian girl is riding piggy back on another girl as they pass some red tape .
One child carries another child on her back .
One little girl standing with another little girl piggybacking on her back look at an object .
Two girls in pink shirts looking at a fountain from behind a red velvet rope .
a boy performs a stunt on a BMX bike .
A man does a bicycle trick on a concrete obstacle .
a man doing tricks on a bmx bike
An extreme bicyclist is performing a jump with his bicycle and rotating the bicycle while he is in the air .
Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark .
A boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window .
Two boys looking out the window of an RV .
Two boys peer out the window of a RV while one holds a stuffed toy .
Two children peek out the window of an RV with a pet snake .
Two young boys lean out the window of a white RV with their stuffed toy snake .
a man and a woman sit back to back on a bench in front of a building with a colorful painted door .
A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront .
A man and woman sitting back-to-back outside a building .
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun .
Two people are sitting on a bench outside of a decorative building .
A couple and their baby feed pigeons at a park .
A family sits at a park while birds fly around .
A large flock of pigeons is swarming at a man .
A man and a woman and a young child surrounded by various birds .
A man sitting on a park bench watching pigeons .
A black and brown dog runs along the sand , avoiding an oncoming wave .
A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .
A dog running in the surf .
a dog runs on the shore .
The dog runs next to the crashing waves of the ocean .
Bikers racing , an orange cone in front .
Men race their bikes on a road .
Three bicyclists race around a curve .
Three bicyclists turn on a curve .
Three people on bikes racing through the orange cones .
A man riding a snow machine topples over .
A person on a snowmobile .
A person rides a snowmobile over the snow and does a stunt .
Snowmobiler riding snowmobile with front end up in the air .
Someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie .
A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road .
A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle on the street .
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man wearing a blue checkered shirt rides a unicycle in the street .
A man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans is riding a unicycle down a street .
A shirtless boy throwing something with the sunlight low on the water
A young boy in a swimsuit throws a rock into the water .
A young man throws something in the water .
Boy throwing something into the ocean .
The man is making a throwing motion , while standing on the shore .
A lady and her large brown and black dog out for a run in a grassy place
a woman and her black and brown dog running through a field in the woods
A woman in a white shirt is running with a dog in the grass .
A woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background .
A woman running through a grassy area with a brown and black dog .
A man with a Mohawk with his arms in the air .
A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit
A person in a kilt and a sports jersey and a Mohawk is in a store .
Punk rocker buys computer ink in the big-box store .
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store .
A group of children in the ride called " Frog Hopper " .
A group of children on the " Frog Hopper " ride at a fair .
Five children on a white-metal midair ride called the frog hopper .
Five little kids are on a ride called the Frog Hopper .
Little kids are on an amusement park ride .
a bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a trick on his back tire
A guy on his bike doing a truck on a rocky beach .
A man is performing a trick on a bicycle at a rocky beach .
A man on a white bike doing tricks on rocky ground .
A man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach .
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti .
A person in the air while skateboarding , in front of a wall of graffiti .
A skateboarder jumping on a graffiti-covered ramp .
Boy on a skateboard in midair at a skate park
The skateboarder jumps over the ramp .
An empty seat at a Mexican themed restaurant .
A red colored diner features dark red chairs .
Crowded Mexican restaurant , empty chair in foreground .
Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant .
People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .
People walking through a garden in a large city .
People walking through a garden in the middle of a city .
Three people are walking in a park with flowers .
Three people on a walk down a cement path beside a field of wildflowers with skyscrapers in the background .
Three people walking in a park right outside of the city .
A girl in a pink coat plays in the leaves .
A girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air .
A little girl in a pink jacket throwing some leafs up in the air .
A little girl in a pink jacket throws leaves over her head in front of a fence .
A young girl in a pink coat throwing leaves into the air .
A girl in pink and yellow on a pink and orange surfboard cuts through the wave .
a surfer rides the wave .
A woman in a yellow shirt surfs on a pink surfboard .
A woman on a surfboard rides a wave
The girl catches a wave on her pink surfboard .
Couple sitting on bench in front of a water fountain .
The old men are sitting on a bench .
Two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain
Two men sit on a bench in front of a three tier fountain .
Two people sit on a park bench looking at a fountain .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench .
A skateboarder is performing a jump from a wooden bench .
A youth with brown hair is doing an ollie over a bench with his skateboard .
skateboarder in the air by a bench with advertisement
A dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats , during twilight .
A man stands on a dock near several boats , while 2 other men are on one of the boats .
Boats docked at a pier which has three men and a lone palm tree .
Boats parked at a marina at sunset .
There are three people on the dock by the boats .
A black and white dog is going through an obstacle course .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar .
A black dog leaping over a hurdle .
A border collie jumping over a hurdle .
Black and white dog jumping over a blue obstacle
A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair .
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow .
A man skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle .
A person snowboarding leaps over an obstacle to continue down the hill .
A snowboarder jumps over a ramp on a mountain course .
A man playing bagpipes .
a man plays the bagpipes .
A man wearing a coat and a plaid green skirt is playing a bagpipe .
A man wearing a kilt is playing the bagpipes .
an older man playing wearing a quilt the bagpipes outside .
A black dog is jumping out of water .
A black dog jumping in water in the woods .
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline
A dog playing in water .
Animal jumping up from the pond .
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road .
A young boy with a dinosaur shirt on runs at a playground .
The boy wearing a red top is running on a gravel path .
The little boy runs across the gravel .
This boy , wearing a red shirt and blue shorts , is running .
A baby boy cries while sitting in the grass at the park .
a boy cries in the grass .
a little boy crying on the grass
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass .
A bike rider flipping over a black ramp .
A cyclist does a flip in the air .
A man performs motorbike tricks off a ramp in a stadium .
A person rides a jump high into the air and upside down on a bicycle .
Motorcyclist upside down in midair during a daring stunt-leap
A boy is making a huge splash in a paddling pool .
A little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide .
A little boy landing with a splash on a very wet slip & slide .
A young boy sliding down a water slide toy .
Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game .
A girl in a pink dress in midair over a large yellow object .
A girl in a pink shirt has jumped into the air .
A girl is jumping .
a young girl jumping through the air on a playground .
A young girl wearing a pink dress jumps through the air over playground equipment .
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .
Two children and a dog play in the snow with a woods behind them .
Two children and a dog running around in snow .
two children and their dog play in the snow .
Two kids and a dog play in the snow .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping in the water .
A black dog with a red collar is jumping out of the water .
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water .
A boy holds a green apple in his mouth .
A boy wearing a life jacket has an apple in his mouth .
A child is holding an apple in his mouth
A young child in a life jacket eats a green apple .
child with a green apple in his mouth is wearing a red life jacket
Lacrosse players struggling for control of the ball .
Lone red team player breaks through two black team players , to hit the ball
Men play field hockey .
Men play some type of sport on the field with what looks like hockey sticks .
Three guys are going for the ball in a field hockey game .
A person in a hoodie and red cap holding pizza and root beer advertisements .
A woman holding signs advertising food
A woman in a pink hooded sweatshirt carrying advertisement signs down a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a pink sweatshirt walks carrying signs .
The lady solicits her restaurants 's products on the street .
a black dog jumping into some water to catch a red and blue Frisbee
A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
A dog is jumping into the water
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat .
A family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
A woman , man , and two children .
Family posing for a picture on top of some rocks by a lake .
Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
Two adults and two children pose on a mountaintop .
A brown dog is walking on a wooded path with white flowers .
A corgi is walking down a path in a forest .
A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers .
A dog is walking through an area of heavy foliage along a dirt path .
a dog runs across the path .
A female in a black bikini splashes in the water .
A girl in the water soaking up the sun .
A girl is being splashed by an ocean wave .
A woman is sitting in the water .
A woman splashes in water , with others in the background .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception .
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake .
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .
A dog swimming in a pond .
A dog treads through dark green water .
The black and white dog is swimming in the river .
a bunch of people in camo pants run .
A group of men and woman wearing army pants and a white shirt are running .
A group of men in camouflage pants and white t-shirts are running in a drill yard .
A group of people in army pants running .
A group of people wearing army clothes run together down the street .
a brown and white dog jumping over blue and white poles
A brown and white dog jumps over a dog hurdle .
a brown and white dog jumps over a purple and white hurdle in a field .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
Brown and white dog jumps over purple and white bar .
A group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area
A group of people painting the side of a building in an array of colors .
A mural is being painted on a wall .
Many people work on a brightly-colored street mural .
several people painting a colorful mural on a wall
A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival .
A man holding plastic toys looks away while a man wearing a white hat smiles at the camera .
Two bearded men at a fair .
Two men one with a beard at a carnival .
Two men standing in front of an amusement park ride
A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .
A black dog carefully crosses over some water .
Black dog looking at his reflection in the water .
Black dog near a dock looks into murky water
the black dog jumps on a cinderblock .
A fat woman wearing a blue tank top and a backpack , eating a chili cheese dog
An obese woman holding a chili dog in her right hand .
A woman holding a giant hot dog covered with mustard .
A woman in a blue shirt with a backpack eating a hot dog .
A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hot dog .
A dirt biker in red speeds on clay road while being videotaped by a man in black .
a man wearing a red uniform rides his bicycle up a rocky hill
An off road biker is photographed as he performs another stunt in the dirt .
A person riding on a dirt bike while someone takes a picture .
The guy in red on a dirt bike is getting photographed .
A man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench .
A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard .
A person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground .
A snowboarder in green is balancing on a wodden bench .
Someone in green pants is standing on a snowboard .
A blonde boy is holding a blue umbrella .
A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him .
A wet boy stands under an umbrella .
The kid is under the blue umbrella .
The little boy in the blue t-shirt is smiling under the blue umbrella even though it is not raining .
Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited .
Two girls are standing by a wooden wall looking off to their left .
Two women with black hair stand in front of plywood .
Two young women are leaning up against a wooden wall .
Two young women , one with folded arms , look off screen .
A girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall .
An onlooker sits on the shore of a pool overlooked by massive waterfalls .
A person sits on a rock at the edge of a large waterfall .
A person sitting on a rock by a fall .
A woman is sitting on a rock next to a large waterfall .
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
A large white bird goes across the water
A white bird is flying off the water surface .
a white bird preparing to catch something in the water
The large white bird 's reflection shows in the water .
White bird walking across wet sand .
Three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and head scarves .
three African women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain .
Three women are dressed in African clothes , and two of them are putting on make-up .
Three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing .
Women are putting their robes and headdresses on .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes .
Dirt bikers riding off a jump .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track .
A man is wading in a river and casting out a rope .
A man standing in a lake fishing .
A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing .
A young man in little shorts fishes in a stream .
There is a man fly fishing in a river with trees behind him .
A child swings high at a park .
A young child swinging on a swing at a playground
Two children swinging on swings
Two kids are swinging on a playground .
Two young children ride on the swings at a playground .
Four rugby players on the ground with two standing behind them .
Members of two soccer teams struggle on the field to get the ball .
Soccer players on the ground fighting for the ball .
The rugby players in red are wrestling the player in yellow to the ground .
Three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team .
A girl with a black dress and big white bow stands with her back to the camera .
many people gather outside .
People stand outside watching something .
People with costumes are gathered in a wooded area looking the same direction .
The back of a woman in costume ; little girl looks at her
A brown and white dog is playing with a toy in a field of green grass and clover .
A brown and white dog retrieving a white plushie toy in a field of clover .
A distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field
A dog in grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
The little brown dog is running through a clover field with a white object in its mouth .
A jogger runs up brick stairs for streght training .
A man is skating down a set of stairs .
A skateboarder jumps on brick stairs .
A young man skateboards around the empty outdoor sports arena .
The man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase .
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course .
A boy wearing a helmet flips up his scooter as he skates between orange cones .
A person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter .
A woman is about to fall off a scooter .
This person is falling off a scooter , in a parking lot .
A woman in a blue sweater with a blue scarf around her head .
A woman in a head covering is looking away from the camera .
A woman is wearing a blue headscarf and a blue sweater .
A woman wearing a teal cardigan with a teal scarf and sunglasses on her head .
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head .
A pelican flies over the water .
A very large bird flying over water .
A white Pelican is flying over the ocean .
The white pelican is flying over the ocean .
white gull flying over ocean
A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches .
A person is doing a trick in the air on a bike while his friend takes a picture .
A red bike jumps toward a person in yellow .
Boy in midair on bicycle
Person doing bicycle jump
A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .
The dog is jumping up beside a red wall .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
The small dog wearing a tutu stands on its hind legs .
a man riding a bike through the forest
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
A person biking near trees .
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area .
There are two ladies embracing and posing shown here .
Two girlfriends smiling .
Two women have their arms around each other and are smiling .
Two women smile for the camera .
Two women with their arms around each other smile .
A closeup shot of three guys and a girl posing for the camera .
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
A woman wearing glasses poses for the camera with three men .
A woman with her arms on the cheeks of two men on either side of her pose while another man peeks over her head .
Three men and a woman posing for picture
A woman and a girl sitting on a front lawn
A woman and girl wearing traditional clothes , sits on the front lawn , reading from a book .
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl .
The girl and a lady are sitting on a blanket , reading a book .
Two women sitting on a blanket on the lawn while sharing a book .
A boy and his bike leaps into the air .
A boy does tricks on a bicycle while in a park .
A boy doing a trick on a bike
A boy is doing tricks on his bike as he flies in the air .
This young biker has his arms out as he tries this trick .
a red covered boat racing across the water
A red high speed racing boat skips across the water .
A red speed boat crosses the water .
A watercraft speeds through the water .
Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water .
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .
A man in a pink shirt playing guitar .
A man in a white suit and a pink shirt plays guitar .
A man wearing pants plays a guitar while onstage .
The man in the white and pink outfit is holding a guitar .
greyhounds racing on a track
A greyhound race with the lead dog wearing yellow and black stripes and the number 8
Dogs racing at a track .
Greyhound dogs race on the track , with # 8 leading the way .
Some greyhound dogs are racing on a dirt track .
a bmx rider , wall rides .
A man does a trick with his bicycle off the side of a wall .
A man jumps with his bike near a brick wall .
Man is performing a trick with a bicycle off a brick wall .
The man rides his bicycle up the brick wall .
A group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer .
Children playing soccer near the goal net .
Four boys playing soccer .
Four children run along a grassy field playing soccer .
The young boy in the red shirt is kicking a soccer ball .
A bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running .
Two wet boys in swim trunks run .
two young boys competing in a race .
Two young boys in bathing suits walk
Young boys running along the pavement .
A man surfing .
A person surfs in the ocean .
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean .
Surfer riding a wave
Surfer wearing a wetsuit at the crest of a wave .
A girl in a colorful dress and sunglasses is playing a violin on the street .
a red haired woman playing the violin
A woman in a dress plays violin outside .
A woman plays a violin outdoors .
A woman wearing a plaid dress plays an instrument while standing near a tree .
a dog drinks the sprinkler water .
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass .
A small terrier plays in a sprinkler .
The little black and white dog is running in the sprinkler .
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water .
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
Children jump off the edge into a pool .
Three girls jump into a pool .
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together .
A boy on a play horse at the park points to the slide .
a boy rides a toy horse .
A little boy is riding a mechanical horse at the playground .
A small boy rides a on a playground toy while pointing to a slide .
A young fair skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground .
A bunch of vintage cars are parked in a lot .
An antique car that is yellow is shown lined up with other cars .
People admire classic cars .
Several old fashioned cars are parked together .
Some old people admiring classic cars park in front of them .
A couple in a parking lot .
A couple walks past a car in a parking lot .
A man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front .
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament .
A brown and black dog is jumping through a sprinkler .
A dog playing with a sprinkler
A German Shepherd runs through a sprinkler .
A tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard .
The German shepherd dog is jumping up as it is being squirted with a jet of water .
A man performing martial arts kicks his opponent .
During a martial arts match , a man attempts to kick the other in the face .
Two men compete in a karate tournament .
Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting .
Two people in white with black belts are having a karate match .
A bike in a field and two kites
A kid is riding a bike in an open field .
A landscape picture of a motorcyclist and a person flying kites .
Kites attached to wheeled devices in a field
two people fly kites in a field
A group of people ride in a race
A large group of bicycles riding their bikes .
Bicycles in a race .
Bikers participate in a race .
There are many men racing on their bicycles .
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .
An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing .
A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle .
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .
This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail .
A man and woman sitting in chairs next to a turquoise truck .
An older couple chats near a bright colored car .
There is a man and a woman sitting on folding chairs , outside next to a truck .
Two old people sitting in chairs talking in front of a hill .
Woman and man sit next to their green truck .
A baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air .
A baseball player in a white uniform is walking to base while a crowd of people watch from the bleachers .
A baseball player near home plate .
A baseball player raises the bat above his head .
A baseball player runs to catch the ball .
A black dog is colliding with a golden dog that has something in its mouth .
A black dog trying to mate with a brown dog
A brown dog and a yellow dog play fight over a plastic bottle .
A brown dog is climbing over a golden dog that is carrying bottle in its mouth .
Two dogs play with a bottle .
A balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .
A bald man wearing glasses .
A man in a brown coat in front of a sign with a tree .
A man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign .
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window .
An elderly woman is sitting by a window reading .
A woman reads a book in front of a window .
A woman with her head down and her hand to her mouth sitting beside someone reading .
There is an old woman in front of a window .
Four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside .
Four dogs jumping in the air in a field .
Four dogs look at an object in the sky , one jumping to reach it .
Four dogs watch an unseen object , two of them leaping in the air .
Two dogs on hind legs and two seated dogs are looking at something in the air .
A man balances a knife on his arm as another man watches .
A man has a knife on his arm and another man is watching .
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby .
A young man shows off a knife trick to another .
The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm .
A baby is lifted into the air by a man wearing no shirt .
A child being held over the head of an adult .
A man and a young child .
A man with no shirt holding a baby aloft .
Man raising young boy into the clear blue sky .
One man kicks another in the shoulder at a martial arts event .
Two martial artists compete in a match .
Two men are participating in a karate match .
Two men in an oriental fighting contest .
Two men in karate uniforms kicking each other .
a large woman puts her sunglasses on .
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses .
a woman wearing a black and white outfit while holding her sunglasses .
The lady is holding her glasses .
The woman with blond hair holds her sunglasses .
A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp .
A man on inline skates in midair
a skateboarder wearing a white cap is doing a stunt in a city skate park .
A young man is skateboarding on a ramp and is standing on one arm .
Man standing on one arm with feet in the air on playground equipment with a body of water in the background .
two people leaning against a railing outside the enterance of a building
Two people standing on a porch .
Two woman stand near a door .
Two women standing outside community library
Two women stand outside a library .
A man jumping onto a platform .
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off .
A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp .
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb .
The man does a trick on his skateboard on a concrete ramp .
A little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby .
A man , baby , and child sit in front of a birthday cake .
A man holding a baby and an older child admire a birthday cake with candles .
A man holding a baby with a girl and a birthday cake .
Candles are lit on a cake while a man holds a baby .
A bicycler balances his bike on a rail .
A biker is riding down the stairs on his bike at night .
A boy rides his red bicycle down the handrail of a staircase in a city .
A guy grinding a rail in a park on his bike
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail .
A lady sitting on a front porch reading a book .
A person sits at a doorstep and reads a book .
A woman is reading literature and sitting on the front stoop of a building .
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door .
A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building .
A man and a young child walk along the beach shore .
A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean .
A man at the beach holding a pail , standing next to a child .
A man with a bucket and a girl in a hat on the beach .
The man is wearing a black shirt , holding a pail , and walking with a child next to the water .
A little girl buried in the sand .
A little girls waist high in sand
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach .
The small baby in a yellow has the lower half of her body buried in sand .
A little girl rides a toy bike and laughs .
A little girl rides a tricycle .
A little girl rides a tricycle .
A young girl rides on a toy bicycle with her mouth open .
Little girl riding her toy on the sidewalk .
A dog standing in a rocky area .
A small brown dog stands on a driveway near wooden poles with his tongue sticking out .
Orange dog looks over shoulder , near posts in rural area .
The golden dog is standing by logs in a parking lot .
The light brown dog is in an uncrowded parking lot
A baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says " love " .
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .
A baby with red hat sits in his stroller .
a litttle baby plays with her teddy bear .
Baby wearing red hat in car seat .
A girl in a costume participates in a parade .
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street .
A girl in a red and white costume with onlookers behind her .
A small girl dancing in a parade wearing bright red and gold clothes .
Children in flamboyant red , white , and gold costumes dancing in a parade .
A child in a black cap sleeping across two chairs .
A small boy in a hat asleep on a padded bench .
A small child sucks his thumb while sleeping with a pink blanket on a multi-colored seat .
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
Small boy sleeping on seats and sucking his thumb .
Two boys are playing on a trampoline .
Two kids in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .
Two teenage boys in black swim trunks play on a trampoline .
Two wet boys in swim trunks are sitting on a trampoline
Young laughing boys on a wet vinyl mat .
A man dressed in an Indian costume plays the drums .
A man in black-yellow carnival feathers , playing the drum .
A man in costume drums in a parade .
A man wearing an Indian costume is playing a snare drum .
There is a man in a black and yellow outfit playing the drums .
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
Two boys with long blond hair are climbing on a hillside .
Two boys with water wings climb a tree .
Two children posing for a picture wearing water wings and sitting on a rock .
Two little boys are sitting on a clump of dirt .
A girl in water-wear has skipped a stone off an enclosed body of water .
A girl throws rocks into a lake .
A girl throws stones and watches the lake splash .
a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake .
A woman skipping rocks on a lake
A blond child is playing with a metal yard ornament .
A child dressed in blue sits next to plants .
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed .
A child plays outside by a garden .
A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden .
A boy with blue eyes hanging off a play set .
A child smiles and hangs off a small train .
A little boy is hanging off a red playground .
A young boy smiling while hanging from outdoor play equipment .
A young boy with blue eyes plays on a red and yellow playground set .
A little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around .
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass .
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass .
Little boy puts his forehead on the baseball bat and spins around to make himself dizzy .
The little boy is wearing red shorts and a white t-shirt and has his head resting on a baseball bat .
A woman points at somthing while antoher woman touches her hand at a bar .
Men and women are standing closely together , some with drinks in their hands .
The girls are having a drink .
two girls drink at a party .
While at a party drinking , a woman points at someone while her friend tries to put her hand down .
A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette .
A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette .
A man in a black shirt with a cigarette in front of others .
A man in black smokes a cigarette in a basement .
A man stands near a wall and smokes a cigarette .
A large man at a party , with a drink in his right hand .
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand .
A robust man with his mouth open in a white shirt and glasses holding a drink near other people .
Bearded overweight man carrying drink and yawning .
Overweight man with beard in white shirt holding a drink at a bar , dancing .
A man in a patterned shirt holds a beer bottle .
A man in a printed shirt holding a drink .
A man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand .
A man with a beer in his hand and people behind him .
A man with brown hair is wearing a button up shirt .
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera .
A woman dressed in black .
A woman in black clothes with one leg up .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage , a great tatoo , and some kicking boots .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
A small young girl in a pink shirt drinking a large chocolate milkshake .
A young girl dressed in pink with a hair barrette pursing her lips at a big chocolate milkshake .
A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass .
A young girl looks excitedly at a large milkshake .
There are two people with backpacks walking on the side of a grassy hill .
Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots .
two mountain climbers climbing up a large grassy mountain .
Two people are hiking up a grassy hill .
Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline .
A boy in a green shirt above something blue .
a small boy getting tossed into the air
A young boy jumps around on a blue mat with a half-smile on his face .
A young boy plays in front of a blue object .
The boy wearing the green shirt is climbing on a blue inflatable .
A boy pitches in a baseball game .
A boy winding up for a pitch .
A young baseball player winds up to throw the ball .
A young person pitches in a baseball game .
The baseball player is throwing the ball .
A hiker ascends a snowy hill .
A man reaches the top of a tall sand dune .
A person is hiking to the top of a hill .
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky .
The person is wearing shorts and climbing a gray sand hill under a blue sky .
A brown dog with a green ball sit in the snow .
A brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball .
A dog sits in the snow with a tennis ball .
A little dog sits in the snow next to his green toy .
Dog in snow , with ice on fur and yellow ball .
Three girls do back flips and cartwheels in the surf .
Three girls do handstands at the beach .
Three girls doing back flips on the beach .
three little girls cartwheel in the ocean .
Three young girls playing on the beach .
a climber is scaling a reddish colored rock face .
a lone man climbing a huge rock wall
A man climbing a cliff .
A man climbing a rock cliff .
The man is scaling a large copper boulder .
A blond toddler wearing a blue sweater , riding on a wooden toy .
A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby .
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy .
A toddler with a look of fear on his face is on playground equipment .
Boy in a blue shirt riding on a toy .
Many people wearing silver leotards are riding bikes on the street .
Several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street .
Three people in reflective clothing riding bikes .
Three people in reflective white on bikes .
Three people in silver suits are riding bikes in the city .
A couple shops at an antique store .
A woman in a yellow coat is seated next to a standing man in a red jacket in a diner .
a woman sitting on a stool wearing a tan leather jacket
Three people at Asian tattoo parlor .
Two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor .
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing .
A woman skier in yellow and black races down the slope in front of the snow-covered trees .
A woman skiing down a slope .
A woman snow skiing in a yellow jacket and black pants .
The woman in the yellow jacket is riding on snow skates .
A boy peeks his head through a painted picture .
A child poses within a mock pumpkin head .
A child stand behind a cutout picture .
little boy with face inside a painted pumpkin
The child has his head in the frame of the painting .
A little boy with a bib on is watching the camera .
A small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware .
A tan-skinned child looking at the camera .
A young boy winks as he is eating .
The little boy is holding a spoon in his hand whilst winking one eye .
A blond boy slides into a green backyard pool .
A boy is splashing at the foot of a green water slide in a paddling pool .
A young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him .
Child is splashing around in a green and blue pool .
There is a small child playing in a green kiddy pool .
A girl dives into the water while another girl watches her .
A girl in a black two-piece is leaping into the water .
A woman in a bikini jumping off a dock into a lake .
A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water .
A woman in a black swimsuit is jumping in a lake .
A boy at the end of a slip and slide .
a boy is being splashed in the face whilst riding a blue ring along a yellow water slide
A young boy slides down a water slide with his eyes closed .
A young boy slides on a Slip 'n' Slide .
A young boy splashes down a water slide on a lawn .
A boy hanging onto a pole .
A kid in a green shirt playing in the park
A little kid swings on a pole at a playground .
The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole .
The boy is swinging on a pole at the beach .
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers
A girl holds a bouquet of flowers
A little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers .
A little girl holds orange lilies while others celebrate an occasion in a garden setting .
Young girl in orange dress holding orange flowers .
A girl in a swimsuit stands in the spray of water , a bicycle in the background .
A little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain .
A little girl reacts to a spray of water .
A young girl in a green bathing suit getting splashed with water .
A young girl wearing a green bathing suit has water sprayed on her back .
A baby girl in an orange dress gets wet as she stands next to a water sprinkler .
A blonde toddler wearing an orange dress is wet and standing beside a sprinkler in a yard .
A child in a dress is looking at a sprinkler
A little girl in an orange dress is running through the sprinkler in the yard .
On wet grass , little blond girl in orange dress plays in sprinkler .
One dog is standing whilst two other dogs are running in the snow .
Three dogs are playing around in the snow .
Three dogs chasing each other in the snow .
Three dogs play in snow .
Two dogs play together in the snow .
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them .
The dogs are playing in the snow .
Three dogs are in the snow , and one is wearing a winter coat .
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket .
Three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background .
A white dog is running along a path outside .
A white dog travels along a narrow path in a park setting .
A yellow dog running along a forest path .
The two-tone dog is running down the trail .
White dog traveling alone down a paved path through some woods
A dog is jumping over a log in a wooded area while carrying another log .
A dog with a stick in his mouth jumps over a fallen tree in the forest .
Dog carries stick and jumps over a log .
The dog carries a stick and jumps over a log in the woods .
The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth .
A black and brown dog is running between two cement barriers with snow .
a dog runs down the cold aisle .
Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears .
The black and brown dog walks toward the camera , in an enclosed , snowy area .
The brown and black dog is running through a snowy street .
A furry dog is running through a doorway leading to plants .
A furry , tan dog is outside on a patio .
A short , furry dog stands on a brick floor in front of a group of potted plants .
A very hairy dog is running down a hall .
Flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step .
A brown and black dog runs through the leaves .
A brown dog is running .
A brown dog with a red collar jumping across a leafy lawn .
A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard .
The brown dog is wearing a red collar .
A crowd walks along a sidewalk of a farmers market .
A street market filled with white tents , pedestrians , and vendors .
A woman looks over a table of organic vegetables at a farmer 's market .
Men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace .
Street with many white tents with display table with people walking nearby .
a fruit stand with a group of people standing around it .
A group of people are standing in Linet at a fruit stand .
A group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market .
Many people stand near a fruit vendor on a street .
People shopping at a fruit stand .
A group of people stand at a farmers market on a dreary day .
a white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it .
People shop for fresh produce at an outdoor market in the city .
People visiting a street market .
Several people shop at an outdoor farmer 's market on a cloudy day .
a busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
A lady crosses a busy road on the crosswalk .
A woman crosses a street while traffic lines up in the opposite direction .
Street with traffic with one person in crosswalk , two others at corner and one person sitting on ground .
Woman walking in crosswalk near a busy street .
a firetruck fights a fire .
a yellow firetruck is parked next to a fire with a man on a ladder pouring water on it
Firefighters putting out a big fire .
Fireman fighting a fire .
People putting out a fire .
A black dog is swimming while carrying a tennis
a black dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth
a black dog swims through the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
A brown dog is chewing on a bone with a stuffed animal underneath it .
a dog chews on a bone .
Big brown dog chews on bone lying down .
Big hairy dog chews on a bone while lying on a furry toy .
Brown dog chews on bone while laying on the rug .
Two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing after a red ball .
Two small white dogs chasing a red ball
Two West Highland Terriers chase a red ball .
Two white dogs chase after a red ball in a yard in front of a white fence .
Four dogs are being walked by two owners .
Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk .
Four little dogs on leashes take a walk on a wide path .
Four small dogs on leashes walking in a park .
Someone is walking their dogs .
A white dog and two black dogs playing
A white poodle and 2 black poodles are playing on the grass .
A white poodle and two black poodles are playing in the grass on an autumn day .
A white poodle is climbing over a black poodle , who is in turn climbing over another black poodle .
Two black dogs and one white dog interact .
A boy is putting the cone end of a melting ice cream cone in his mouth .
A boy with his eyes closed eats the bottom of an ice cream cone .
A young boy eating ice cream .
A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone .
Little boy is eating the rest of the ice cream cone from the bottom up .
a man fishes in the ocean .
A man fly fishes in the ocean .
A man fly fishing .
A man is fishing in knee-high waves of water .
The person is fishing , with waves splashing around him .
A brown dog plays with a stick .
A brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt .
A lean light brown dog has his head down on the ground playing with a stick .
A tan dog rests his head in the sand .
Two dogs and a person .
Two cyclists atop a hill as seen from below .
two cyclist wearing red shirts going over a red hill
Two people in red outfits riding their bicycles down a dirt road .
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .
Two people riding their bikes on a hill .
A man and a woman are biking on a sunny day .
Man and woman cyclists ride pass signs on rural road .
Two bicyclists ride down a hill .
Two friends bike down a hill .
Two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .
A collie running through the snow .
A Sheltie dog carries a white-colored toy in its mouth as it walks across the snow .
Dog with a toy in the snow .
The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth .
A black dog in a pink sweater is up on his hind legs in front of a pink blanket .
A dog on two feet wearing a pink sweater .
A dog wears a pink sweater .
a little puppy wearing a pink sweater , jumps .
The dog is wearing a pink sweater .
A girl wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans has on some white headphones and is walking .
A girl wearing earphones walks past a traffic cone .
A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod , walks down the street
A woman wearing headphones is walking past a road cone .
A woman wearing headphones walks down the street .
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land .
The two dogs are fighting outside in the snow .
Two brown dogs playing in snow
two dogs are wrestling in a snow covered field .
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A man crouched in the bare branches of a fallen tree .
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants crouches on a fallen tree trunk .
A man in tan capris , brown sandals , and a white t-shirt , crouches on the trunk of a tree .
A man is crouched on top of a horizontal tree .
A man sitting in the middle of branches on a fallen tree .
A black dog carries a huge stick in its mouth .
A black dog is carrying a huge stick whilst walking in the snow .
A dog carries a huge , snow covered stick .
A dog carries a very large tree branch in the snow .
The brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow .
A black dog and a brown dog are standing next to each other in the snow .
A little tan dog is in confrontation with a large black dog in the snow .
A scruffy golden dog meeting a black Doberman in the snow .
Two dogs in the snow .
Two dogs standing in snow .
A dog walking along the side of a house in the snow .
A white dog is walking by a building in the snow .
A white dog next to a basement window .
a white dog walking on some rocks along a house in the snow .
A white dog walks in the snow
a brown dog about to jump on a smaller black and tan dog
Large dog playing with smaller dog
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs playing in the grass with an adult nearby .
Two dogs playing with each other .
A black dog runs along a field where black birds are beginning to fly .
A dark colored dog running in a field with multilple birds in the background .
A dog runs at birds taking flight
A grey dog chases a bunch of crows , a river in the background .
The dog chases the birds in the field .
a boy plays with a train set .
A boy takes off his glasses while playing with his toy trains .
A little boy is playing with some trains .
a small child wearing a blue shirt playing with his glasses .
A young boy pulling down his eye glasses and looking a toy trains
A girl in a white cap eats a slice of fruit next to a girl in a blue cap who is eating chocolate .
One young girl eats fruit while another eats chocolate .
Two children taking in a snack .
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks .
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in the snow .
A dog running with something in its mouth
a dog runs across the snow .
A dog with a frisbie in his mouth is running in a snowy field .
Tan dog with a toy running in the snow .
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A closeup of a small black and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth .
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth , field and building .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A person peaks their head out of a tent set up in a snowy field .
A woman emerges from her snow covered tent .
a woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain .
A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day .
The camper opens up to see snow all around .
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain .
A woman in a tank and sunglasses climbs a sunny but snow-covered slope .
A woman wearing a black hat and white sunglasses walks up a snowy and steep path .
A woman wearing short sleeves and sunglasses is backpacking up a snowy mountain cliff .
Woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her .
A hiker climbs a mountain on a windy day .
a man walking up a mountain with snow on the surface
A person hikes across a grass and snow covered plain
Person walking across a snow covered mountain .
The man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain .
A girl treks through the snow with her backpack on .
A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain .
A hiker using hiking poles on a snowy mountain .
Someone hikes through a snowy mountain range
The woman is hiking up a snowy hill .
A man gesticulates .
A man in a white shirt holding both hands out .
An elderly male wearing a white Wal Mart smock with his arms and hand extended in front of him .
A old man in a Wall Mart unifrom holds his arms out to the camera .
a walmart worker wearing a white coat .
A brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball .
A dog jumps to meet a soccer ball flying towards it .
A dog stands on one leg and tries to get a soccer ball .
Black and white dog jumps for ball .
The brown and white dog is jumping up in an attempt to catch a ball .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
a male skater is riding a yellow rail
A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night .
An inline skater boy balances on a yellow rail .
A skater does a trick on a yellow handrail .
A dog jumping up to touch a woman 's hand .
a dog jumps to an elderly woman .
An airborne dog on a leash with a woman .
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's hand .
The woman in the blue sweater encourages the dog to jump in the air .
a black dog digging through the snow .
A black dog digs in the snow .
A large black dog is digging in the deep snow .
A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow .
Black dog digging in white snow .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .
Two brown dogs are running over snow in a line .
Two brown dogs walking through snow .
two dogs running in the snow
Two weimaraners running in the snow .
a boy in a blue shirt is walking along a tan and blue wall
A boy in stripes walking along a ledge .
a boy scales the wall .
A child in a striped shirt is walking along a wall .
Boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge .
A black and white dog , with a red cap on its head , yawning .
A dog that is wearing a red cap is standing by a guitar with its mouth wide open .
A dog wearing a hat stretches open its mouth .
A dog wearing a red hat opens its mouth wide .
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap , and has its mouth wide open .
A large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house .
A large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog .
A large black dog relaxes while a small brown dog investigates nearby a doorway .
two dogs play together .
Two dogs tussling on a dog bed , with a french door and a Persian rug in the background .
A black lab is running in a race .
A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day .
The big , black , running dog is wearing a strap around its chest .
The black dog is running through the clearing .
The large black dog is running through a grassy area .
A woman at an outdoor food stand .
A woman makes a purchase at an outdoor vendor .
The woman in the red jacket looks as if she was buying something from the open air vendor .
The woman is purchasing a product
Woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor .
A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out .
A firefighter responding to a car fire .
A fireman pulling out a firehose next to a blue car engulfed in flames .
The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire .
The fireman is pulling the hose to a car fire .
A couple shopping for plants and flowers .
Man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop
People are waiting outside a lawn and garden seller .
The man has his arm around the woman in a flower market .
The man has his arm on the woman as they shop in an outdoor market .
a dog on a leash jumps over a stone wall .
A dog on a leash tries to get over a rock wall .
A dog owner watches their dog climb over the rocky outline of a walking path .
Dog on a red leash with a woman .
Grey and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall .
A Chinese Dragon at a
A man stands between two flags and behind another man carrying a dragon mask .
An Asian man is carrying a green flag whilst leading a carnival dragon in a parade .
An elderly Asian man is bearing a green flag in a dragon parade .
Asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background
A group of teenage boys on a road jumping joyfully .
Four boys running and jumping .
Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back .
Four young men are running on a street and jumping for joy .
sveral young man jumping down the street
A golden retriever on a leash moves through snow .
A large golden retriever on a leash standing in the snow .
A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow .
Tan dog on lead standing on surface covered with white snow .
The small dog on the leash is walking through the snow .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach .
A brown dog with white paws running on the beach .
There are two dogs running on the beach outside .
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
Two dogs run along a beach .
A man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth .
A man wearing a blue jacket looks at the camera .
A startled man wearing a blue jacket is looking at the camera .
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose .
Man in blue is posing for the camera .
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
One girl sitting down reading and another girl standing in front of her .
one girl sitting on a nech near a tree while another stands next to her on the sidewalk .
Two people on a street ; one sitting on the planter surrounding a tree .
Two women , one sitting and one standing , near a tree .
A man walking a small white and a big white dog on leashes .
A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes .
A man walking two dogs down a street .
A man walks two dogs in the city .
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
The back of two men 's heads riding on a train .
The backs of the heads of two men that are plugging their ears while riding the subway .
Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway .
Two men on a busy subway , seen from behind ,
Two people sitting together on a subway listening to earphones .
A man attached to strings is watched by a crowd .
A man stands below a crowd .
People on a cruise ship deck , and overlooking the deck .
People stand on the balcony and deck of a boat .
The people on the balcony are controlling the man in the white shorts like a puppet .
A dog 's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
a dog tries to bite another dog .
two black and white dogs fighting with each other
Two dogs play on the wooden floor inside .
Two dogs play with each other on a wood floor .
A bald man stands in a snowy side street .
A bald man wearing a jacket looks at icy sidewalk .
A man is standing on an icy street with a building beside him .
A man wearing a gray coat looks to the right on a snowy street .
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street .
A small white dog jumping to catch a tennis ball .
A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball .
A white dog is in the air with a ball in its mouth .
A white dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
A white dog with a black collar jumps up to catch a tennis ball
One child reaches up for something while another stands beside him .
One child with a colourful toy and another child reaching up .
Two babies in sweaters playing with a toy .
Two children have expressions of happiness as they reach for something out of sight .
Two kids playing on a street
A military man says hello to a group of children waving American flags .
a veteran in a brown uniform at a parade with children and American flags
Military official greets children who are waving American flags .
The man in the military uniform greets children waving American flags .
Young children waving American flags for a soldier
A black dachshund sniffs another dog wearing a striped shirt .
A dog wearing a striped sweater touches noses with another dog .
A white dog wearing a zepra print shirt is nose to nose with a black dog wearing a pink collar .
A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses .
Two dogs meeting nose to nose .
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow .
Dogs play in the snow .
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
A brown dog carries something in his mouth while walking through snow .
A dark-colored dog walking across snow with something in its mouth .
A dog carries an object in the snow .
A dog walks through the snow while blindfolded carrying something in his mouth .
The brown dog has an object in his mouth .
A man is shoveling snow during a sunrise .
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets .
A mist overshadows a man in winter gear and the winter landscape in front of him .
A person stands in a snowy area looking down .
Man walking through the deep snow at dusk .
A black and gray dog
two black dogs fight .
two black poodles fighting .
Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy , manicured lawn .
Two small black dogs facing each other with their mouths open .
A big dog is running in the grassy field with woods behind him .
a dog runs across the land .
A German Shepherd jumping in midair .
A German shepherd leaps in midair .
Black and brown dog runs through field .
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet .
A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet .
A little brown dog stares at a tennis ball on an orange carpet .
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug .
The dog crouched on the orange rug and stared at the tennis ball .
A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine .
A man sitting on an empty train
A man with a black hat and black beard is reading a magazine sitting on a blue bench .
A man with a hat sits in a booth and reads .
The man reading a magazine is sitting in the large room .
A person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge .
A woman in a bright safety jacket is standing next to large pipes .
A woman wearing a fluorecent safety jacket stands near equipment .
a woman wearing a neon jacket standing next to a large machine .
The woman is wearing a yellow jacket and blue pants .
A black and white dog is leaping from a snowy path .
A brown and white dog jumps in the air to catch a snowball .
A dog jumps up and tries to catch a lump of snow .
Dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods .
The white and brown dog leaps into the air , above snow covered ground .
An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building .
An older dark haired woman is taking a picture
A woman in a red coat takes a picture near marble columns at twilight .
A woman wearing a red coat begins to take a picture .
A group of young boys fight over a bag of trash .
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter .
Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper .
Three people are outside with something on the grass .
Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag .
A lady standing outside a street with a red purse and scarf on .
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall .
A woman is walking with a red bag .
A woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf , black gloves and hat and red handbag .
The woman wears a blue coat , black hat , and red scarf , while holding a red bag .
animals in the snow
Two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow .
Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open .
Two dogs try to bite each other while laying in the snow .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow .
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse .
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road .
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
A person in a blue cowboy hat rides a horse down a dirt trail .
The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse .
a man climbs a mountain .
A man climbs the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs a wall in nature .
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
two men climbing a mountain
A rock climber .
There are two people rock climbing , one is on the ground while the other climbs .
two men climb a large rock .
Two people rock climbing .
Two rock climbers scaling a sheer cliff .
A blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff .
a lone man climbing the side of a large rock wall .
A person climbing a rock face .
a rock climber
A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down .
A man in a lime green vest directs traffic
A policeman wearing a green vest blows his whistle and moves his arms .
A policeman wearing a neon green vest has a whistle in his mouth while directing traffic .
A police officer in a yellow vest directs traffic .
A traffic director wears a yellow safety suit marked , " Seattle Police . "
A construction worker drills a hole into the ground .
A man wearing a hi-viz jacket is drilling into the road .
A man wearing a yellow vest works in the street .
The construction worker is drilling into the street near a street with active traffic .
The man in the construction gear uses a large , red drill .
A hiker on a snow-covered mountain overlooking a valley .
A man carrying a backpack stands on a snowy area .
A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background .
a man wearing a huge backpack and blue jacket with many distant mountains in the background
A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow .
Child wearing a Green Bay coat carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat .
Two children and walking through the snow carrying a sled .
Two small children in snow clothes are walking through the snow while one carries a red sled
two young kids walking towards the sidewalk out of the snow .
A climber wearing a red shirt is climbing a rock face on a snowy day .
A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands .
A man is climbing over a short but sheer rocky cliff .
A mean wearing a red shirt clinging to a rock face .
A person scales a rock .
A black and brown dog attempts to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A brown and black dog approaching a red ball .
A brown and black dog is trying to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A dog with mouth open to catch the red ball .
A tan and black dog opens its mouth for a red ball .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another .
A man doing tricks in the snow .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
Three people at with their backs to the camera at an internet bar .
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers .
Three people work on their laptops inside a store .
A group of hikers climb rocky terrain .
Five backpackers hiking along a rocky slope .
five hikers walk down the hillside .
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill .
The hikers descend on the mountain .
A brown and black dog fetching a tennis ball in a lake .
A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball .
A dog is running through the water chasing after a ball .
A dog is shaking off water in a lake as a red and green tennis ball floats by .
A dog playing with a ball in water
A black and brown dog in a grassy , well-lit area with his mouth partially open .
A dog running fast with his ears flying .
Black and brown dog with mouth open upright on green grass .
The black and brown dog is running on the grass .
The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth .
A dog in a life jacket sitting on a boat with a man in the cockpit .
A man looking at his small white dog wearing an orange life jacket
a shite dog in an orange life vest looking at a man in a blue shirt while riding in a boat .
A white dog in a life jacket looks at a man in a boat .
A white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat .
a boy wears a red coat .
A child in a red coat stands near a funny decoration .
A child wearing a coat looks back at someone .
The boy is dressed in a red coat and stands next to a statue .
The girl in the red jacket is next to a picture of a funny face .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
A woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building .
The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall .
A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background
A person sits in a brown chair and is holding bags in their hand .
a woman sitting on a large brown couch in the middle of a mall
A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall .
Three people , one sitting , two standing , are in a mall .
A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him .
A man on a narrow dock plays with his dog that is jumping out of the water .
A woman kneeling on a dock throws a ball to a dog that is jumping in the water .
A woman kneels at the edge of a dock reaching toward a dog leaping nearby in the water .
Dog leaps from water while woman kneels on the dock playing with him
A black and brown dog runs through the snow next to some trees .
A dog in the snow .
A dog is running in the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
a dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride
A man is standing in front of glass doors with a blue spot and a pink spot .
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
A man stands at the entrance of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts .
A man walking through glass double doors .
Person standing at glass doors with big blue circle and big pink circle
A medium brown dog is jumping over a short brick wall surrounding some dirt .
A puppy jumps off a low brick wall .
a small tan dog is jumping over a brick wall
A small tan dog jumps off of a brick enclosed garden .
The small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
Three dogs affectionately playing
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other .
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog , which has its tongue sticking out .
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it .
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
A man is walking a grey dog on the grass using a long leash .
A man walks a black dog on a very long leash .
A woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky .
A child is eating something very close to the camera while other children sit at a table behind him .
A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch .
Asian children eating together .
Three children eating food at a table .
Two asian children are looking at another child who is eating in a restaurant .
A boy holds a blue stick , as a man holds a pinata above him .
A child gets ready to swing at a pinata .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a pinata with a blue baseball bat .
Boy in red shirt getting ready to hit the pinata .
the young boy takes a swing at the pinata .
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .
Two dog play in the snow .
Two dogs , one with a tennis ball in his mouth , play together in the snow .
Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow .
Two dogs play with a tennis ball in the snow .
A boy in red shorts rides a yellow body-board on a breaking wave .
A boy surfs on a yellow board across the bright blue wave .
A surfer with a yellow board rides a wave .
Guy on yellow surfboard catching a wave
Young man rides ocean wave on yellow surfboard .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A dog buries its head in the snow .
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
Dog with head in snow .
The large black dog is digging in the snow .
A group camps in a desolate area .
A group of people are camping out on some rocks .
A small group of people stands in a rocky field surrounded by camping equipment and patches of snow .
People with camping equipment on rocky ground .
three cold men set down their supplies in a ditch .
A girl with a pink headband and blue shirt is drumming on blue plastic and metal bowls with chopsticks .
A little asian girl banging on pans .
A young Chinese girl playing the drums with two chopsticks , a pot , and a blue plastic bowl .
A young girl with a pink headband hits a dish and pan with chopsticks .
The child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items .
A black dog is running in snow .
A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground .
A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
A dog running on snow and ice .
A dog with black and brown fur runs in the snow .
A man in black looks out over a snowy landscape .
A man looks out over frozen tundra .
A man wearing black clothes , standing and looking out over a snowy scene .
A person in dark clothing takes a snapshot of a snowy scene .
A person taking pictures outside in the snow .
A girl spins a merry-go-round at a playground .
A little girl pushes a merry go round in a park while two other kids hold on . ee
Children playing on a playground .
Children playing on a roundabout .
Little girl spinning playground merry-go-round as other kids ride .
A man in blue rock climbing .
A man , wearing glasses , is rock climbing .
a middle aged woman climbs a mountain .
An adult wearing a harness climbs in a rocky area .
Person in blue shirt scales wall .
A fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze .
A small white dog is running across a grassy field .
A white dog runs in the grass ,
A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
The little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
a man dressed in a batman costume .
A man dressed like late 80 's movie Batman .
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume .
A man is wearing a Batman costume with a cape .
A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture .
A family of five is watching a performer standing on a stepstool .
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
A half-naked performer is performing for a small crowd outside .
A man in a small bathing suit standing on a stool at a tourist location
A mostly nude man standing on a stool while a family of 5 look at him questioningly .
A hiker in a red on a snowy peak .
A person in a red jacket and a red hardhat stands near a mountain .
A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock .
A woman wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .
The person wearing the red hardhat is on the mountain .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
Girl climbing rock wall
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
Young woman climbing rock face
A dog is running and jumping through the woods
A dog races through the woods .
A dog running in the woods .
A dog running quickly through the woods .
a dog runs through the woods .
Two girls hanging upside down on a park structure .
Two girls hang upside down at a park
Two girls play on a jungle gym .
Two little girls are hanging upside-down on a climbing frame .
Two young girls playing outside on the playground .
A black and tan dog is walking over a shoreline with many small sand hills .
a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach .
a dog in the beach
A dog walking on a wet beach .
A small black and tan dog walking in wet sand .
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .
A dog running at the shore of a lake , hill in the background .
A white dog is running in a pond near the shore .
A white dog running through the water on the shore 's edge .
The white dog ran in the shallow water .
A surfboard is shown gliding through the water with a person standing on it .
A surfer rides a green board over the waves .
A surfer rides the wave out .
This man is surfing .
Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave .
A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed .
A puppy jumps on a bed with purple sheets .
A puppy on a bed with blue sheets and pillow .
A small black and brown puppy is looking up
The dog is on the bed .
A group of dogs standing by a car
A pack of dogs fighting near a car in an alley .
a pack of dogs roughhousing by a car on a dirty street .
Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car .
Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets .
A few dogs swimming in a lake .
A group of dogs in water playing with toys and balls .
A group of dogs playing in a large pool .
Many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park .
Several dogs swim in a pool and two black dogs are playing tug of war with a toy .
A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls .
A little kid dressed in blue , playing in a boat ,
A small child in a cap is sitting on a large seat with hands through a steering wheel .
A small child in a pretend car .
The boy has his arms through the steering wheel
A dog is jumping through the water .
A dog is splashing water into the air as it runs through a wet field of grass .
A medium sized dog running through puddles
Dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh .
White dog with leash running through water
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch .
Two kids are wrestling on a white sofa .
Two toddlers wrestle on a white couch .
Two young boys playing on a white sofa .
A dark-skinned man in a green shirt with a green scarf looking at an electronic device .
A man in a green shirt and sweater looks at his cellphone .
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
A teenager standing in a crowd of people texting on his phone .
Man with green shirt looks at phone .
A man in black stands between two huge soft toys at a fairground .
a police officer in the middle of a parade
A police officer keeps watch a parade .
A police officer stands between dragons in a Chinese New Year celebration .
This policeman is standing in front of a ride at a carnival .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall .
A man standing in front of a brick building .
Man wearing black shirt standing in front of a red brick wall .
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .
A brown dog walks through snow .
A brown puppy walking through the snow .
A dog looks curious at adventures lying ahead in the snow .
A dog walking in the snow
A yellow puppy walking through the snow .
A black and white dog is running towards the viewer .
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
A dog running through a field towards a camera .
A dog with its ears up runs on brown grass .
A white dog running on dirt .
A brown dog is chasing after a yellow ball .
A brown dog is playing ball in a yard .
A dog chases after a yellow ball .
A puppy playing with a ball .
a small dog with a blue color fetching a yellow ball
A boy drags his sled through the snow .
A boy in a blue jacket , carrying a red sled , running away , followed by a small dog
A child running with a snowboard on a snow covered surface .
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
A young boy plays with his dog in the snow .
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat .
A large man wearing a white hat .
A man in a butchers uniform standing next to two large rolls of beef .
A man in white stands in front of gyro meat .
The chef is working at a restaurant .
A black dog jumps into the air to get a treat from its owner .
A black dog jumps up to a man 's uplifted hand .
A man demonstrating how high his black dog can jump .
Man in field with a black dog jumping at his raised arm .
The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air .
A corgie walks on a thin blue platform .
A dog runs out onto a swimming pool diving board .
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
A small dog walks along an elevated walkway .
A tan and white dog is walking on a beam .
A black dog jumping .
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs .
a brown dog is leaping into the air in front of a wooden structure in a pine forest .
a brown dog jumping off the ground in the woods
The dog leaps into the air in a field .
A large and small dog interact in a grassy field .
A small brown jumps in the air as a big brown dog watches .
A small dog stands next to a larger dog , out in a field .
Two dogs standing in the field .
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .
There are women in St Patrick 's Day costumes
Three women celebrate St Patrick 's day by dressing up in green and white on a busy street .
Three women dressed in green celebrating St Patricks Day .
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A little girl holding her hand so that it looks the rainbow ends in her hand .
A young girl in front of a rainbow .
Girls posing with rainbow in the sky .
The girl is wearing a blue outfit and holding out her hand to a rainbow .
The young girl bent down to touch the rainbow .
A little boy in a red sweater is climbing a tree .
A little boy in red is climbing a tree .
A small child in a tree .
A toddler in a red sweatshirt and grey sweatpants in the branches of a tree
A young boy in a red shirt plays in a tree .
a person wearing a white hooded sweatshirt covered with a blanket sitting on a bench reading
A woman reads a paper on a bench in a park .
A woman sits on a bench reading a newspaper .
The person wearing the white sheet and white hoodie sits on the bench reading .
Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park .
Two men are standing outside a restaurant at dusk .
Two men drink stand in front of a brightly lit restaurant , drinking soda
Two men outside of a restaurant .
Two men stand in front of a restaurant .
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts .
A couple guys taking body shots off of a girl
A guy is talking to his friend taking a picture of a girl taking shots .
A woman lies on a bar surrounded by people .
Three men in dress shirts in a bar , with a woman lying on the bar and a female bartender in the background .
Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone .
A dog is playing by itself on a beach that has recently seen snowfall .
A dog is running in the dirt and snow .
A dog running on the sand .
A dog walking along a snow drift .
A yellow dog is running down a sandy and snowy hill .
Silhouette of two people sitting on a dock at sunset
Two people are sitting on a wooden dock on a lake at sunset .
Two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background .
Two people sit on the pier together and look out at the ocean .
Two people sitting on a dock under a lamp post with clouds in the sky beyond them .
A man and a dog are sitting on a park bench with several people walking down the path that runs alongside it .
A man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground , with a group of walking people in the distance .
A man sits on a bench in the park with a dog , while others walk nearby .
People sit on a park bench while others jog on a path .
The man sits with his dog on a bench in a park .
A bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park .
a man reads his paper on the bench .
A man wearing a red shirt sits on a cement bench and reads the paper .
An old man sits outside reading a newspaper .
An old man with a white beard is reading .
A black and white dog runs on soft green grass .
A dog runs in a field with its tongue sticking out .
A dog runs on a filed with its mouth open .
The brown and white dog is running through the grass .
The dog is running on grass .
a man in a yellow shirt training a black poodle
A man in a yellow sweatshirt and black pants plays with a black poodle .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle .
a man wearing a yellow sweater playing with a black dog in a grassy field
Man in yellow jacket teaching his black dog to do a trick .
a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city , one of them hitting another with a stick .
A group of people jumping away in a street
Eight men fighting in the street .
Group of people fighting on a street .
Men fighting in front of a bar .
Two adults walking in the street in a suburban area
Two distant boys walking down snowy street in urban area .
Two people walking across a street .
Two people walking on a street with barren trees .
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
An older woman in sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt .
An older woman with big sunglasses sits behind a man in a yellow shirt , perhaps at a ball game or other event .
An old white-haired lady wearing sunglasses is sitting behind a man in yellow .
Closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses , gray hair and a gold earring .
Older woman wearing sunglasses and a golden earring .
A brown dog is chasing a red Frisbee across a grassy field .
A dog leaps in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
a dog runs for a red Frisbee .
A dog surrounded by trees runs to catch a Frisbee .
The large brown dog is running through the grass to catch a red Frisbee .
A brown and white dog is jumping with a red Frisbee in its mouth .
A brown and white dog leaps , holding a flexible Frisbee .
A dog running with a Frisbee .
A fit dog leaps with a disc in its mouth .
The brown and white bog has a red item in its mouth .
a blond girl standing in front of a large metal fan
a man and woman walking past a record shop
A woman and a man are passing by a window displaying a record .
A woman and a man stand outside a store .
A woman with dirty blonde hair and sunglasses and a man with dark hair stand in front of a record store .
A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street .
A little girl in a blue outfit is climbing on metal railings in the street .
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing .
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
A black dog is playing with a green toy in yellow grass .
a black dog is running with a green toy between its paws .
A black dog outside with a green toy .
A black dog playing with a green toy .
A black dog plays with a green object .
an alley open to a couple of people walking by
The legs of several people walking past an alley .
Two pairs of legs walk past the end of an alley between two brick buildings .
Two people walk down the street , seen from a alleyway .
View through an alley of pedestrians passing by .
A woman admiring colorful christmas ornaments .
A woman browses through some ornaments .
A woman in a black dress looking
A woman looking at a colorful display
Woman standing next to wire tree with ornamental balls hanging from it
A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack .
A man wearing urban combat pants is walking down the street carrying a toolbox .
Man carrying a tool box on a sidewalk
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk .
Young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk .
A man and a woman looking at ruins .
Two people are observing some ruins .
Two people are standing on a hill overlooking rolling green grass .
Two people take in the view from a hillside .
Two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins
A brown dog holding something purple and black in its mouth .
a dog catches black Frisbee .
A large wet yellow dog retrives his toy .
Dog running with toy .
The wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
A brown dog holding a buoy in its mouth in the water
A dog carries an object in the water .
A dog running through water with a white toy in its mouth .
The black dog is in the water with a white object in its mouth .
The black dog retreived the white toy in the water .
A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street .
A man riding a bike wearing flannel shirt , plaid pants and a blue backpack while riding on a street near buildings and parked cars .
A man wearing lots of plaid riding a bike through the streets
A person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street .
Person riding their bicycle on the street with a backpack on .
A girl in a yellow top is paddling a wooden boat past a wooden jetty .
A girl paddles a canoe .
A girl rows a boat from a dock .
Girl pushing boat with a pole in the water
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water .
a black dog is jumping over a white fence whilst taking part in a dog show .
A dog leaps over the hurdle .
A small dog leaps over a striped hurdle .
A white , black and brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
The dog is leaping over the bar .
A golden haired dog with wet hair is licking its nose while moving through shallow water .
A golden retriever licks his nose as he dries off from the water .
A long haired dog walks out of the water and licks his nose .
A wet brown dog is leaving the water .
The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose .
A dark colored man is holding a protest banner in a busy city street with people staring from behind .
A man in a blue and yellow jacket holding a religious sign stands in a street with people behind him on the sidewalk .
A man is holding a religious poster .
A man wearing a hat holding a sign with writing on it .
Man standing on the street holding a sign
A brown dog howls .
A brown dog in the grass field is looking up at the sky .
A brown dog is crouching and looking up in a field of grass .
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .
Brown dog crouching in grass looking up
A Collie and a Springer Spaniel playing outside .
The large brown and white dog is jumping towards the small brown and white dog .
Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree .
Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure .
Two tan and white dogs look at each other in an outdoor setting .
a brown and white dog is walking through some wasteland .
A collie runs across a yard in the springtime .
A Collie surrounded by leafless bushes .
A dog that looks like Lassie walking in the fields .
The dog is in front of some bushes .
People hiking through an icy , hilly landscape .
three men hike in the snow .
Three people backpacking across a large snowy and rocky field .
Three people walking across an icy hill .
Three people walk on a snow covered wasteland .
A dog jumps a man 's leg to take a Frisbee from his hand .
a dog jumps for the Frisbee the girl is holding .
A person in a black coat playing Frisbee with a dog near a wooded area .
A woman and a dog play with a disk in a field .
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet .
A person does a trick on a skateboard .
A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair .
He is doing tricks on the skateboard .
There is the bottom of a skateboard off the ground with someone in blue jeans holding it .
This skateboarder , wearing jeans and tennis shoes , grabs the board while in the air .
A couple looking at a red sculpture
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture .
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure .
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue .
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors .
A photo of a smiling young woman in front of tables on the street .
A woman in a jacket is posing for a camera smiling in a mostly empty restaurant .
a young girl standing outside a restaurant at night .
A young woman wearing a turtle neck and black jacket is smiling for a picture .
The little girl is wearing a black sweater and standing in front of a restaurant .
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down .
Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her .
A dog approachs a small creature in a barren , snowy field .
Black dog in a snowy field .
Black dog running through a grassy area .
Two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland .
Two dogs run in a field of brown grass .
a couple walking down the street carrying bags
A man and a woman are carrying bags down an empty street .
A man and a woman walking down a street , carrying luggage .
Two people carrying various items walking down a city street .
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road .
A couple are sitting on a rock in front of a street .
A man and a woman sit on a rock beside a street .
Two people sit on a large rock near a city street .
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
Two people talk while sitting on a big rock .
A brown dog chasing a Frisbee , a barbeque in the background .
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it .
A dog is twisting in the air as it tries to catch a Frisbee .
Brown dog plays with Frisbee .
The brown dog dives backwards to catch the football .
A man prepares to enter the red building .
a man walking around the corner of a red building .
A man walks past a red building with a fake rocket attached to it .
A man walks under a building with a large rocket shaped sculpture .
A person walking by a red building with a jet on top of it .
A brown doberman is outside with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog shows his teeth .
a dog bites a stick .
A dog is biting a twig .
A dog with sharp teeth is chewing on a stick outside .
a couple posing in front of a picture wall
An adult couple pose by a cardboard cut out for a movie .
An Asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster .
An Asian couple stands near a wax figure .
One person in a brown suit with his arm around another in a hat by a wall .
A bus filled with passengers in Chicago at night .
A bus full of people waiting at a stop .
People are sitting on a bus .
People in a bus which is heading to 84 Peterson .
There are people sitting on a bus that is labeled 84 Peterson .
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cellphone at her ear .
A woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone .
A woman sits on the curb while talking on her cellphone .
A woman sits on the edge of a sidewalk with a garbage bin beside her
Woman sits on the curb talking on a cellphone .
A caravan of snowmobile travel through the snow .
A pair of people in heavy winter jackets rides through the snow on a snowmobile .
People riding something in the snow .
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow .
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris .
A dark colored man is laying on newspapers by a metal railing with his shoes off .
A homeless man is lying on the ground with his stuff strewn around .
A homeless man is sleeping outside at the top of a staircase .
An man is sleeping on top of his clothes on concrete stairs .
Man sleeping on the street .
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field .
The little boy and little girl are walking side by side .
Two small children walk away in a field .
Two small children walking in a field .
Two young children are walking across an open field .
Two men sitting on the bank of a lake with an ice chest .
Two people having a picnic by a lake .
Two people having a picnic by the shore .
Two people sitting on grass in front of a lake looking at the sky .
Two people with hats looking at a lake while sitting on a yellow-grassed hill .
People , possibly fishermen , with their boats in shadow on shore at an orangesunset
A man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe .
People tend canoes at the edge of a body of water during a dimly lit time of day .
The men are getting their kayaks secured on the beach for the night .
Two men standing on the shore beside their kayaks at dusk .
A cluster of four brown dogs play in a field of brown grass .
Four dogs are together in the field of dry grass .
Four dogs in a grassy area .
Four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field .
Four small dogs play outside .
A girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building .
A little girl with a red dress facing a panel with her back to the camera .
A young blonde girl wearing a red dress kneeling on a red carpet .
A young girl faces a white and black wall in a red-carpeted room .
Girl kneeling on a red carpet .
brown dogs and a woman in a yard
A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .
A woman in a blue jacket watches as her two brown dogs play with a red ball in a grassy yard .
A woman throws a Frisbee for her two brown dogs to chase .
A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass .
A clown shares cut-out pictures of children .
a dirty looking clown holding up two paper cut outs of children with blond hair
A man wearing a balloon hat and a grassy shirt holds up two large paper dolls .
A man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men .
The man wears balloons on his head and holds paper people .
A group of people walk through a shopping mall .
many people walk through the store .
People browse in a store .
People strolling through an indoor market .
The shoppers are walking in a store .
A black man with a red mask is carrying a box .
A man in a domino mask carries an amplifier up a hill .
A man with a mask carrying a black speaker
A masked man in bright clothing carrying a large box .
Black man lifting black box is watched by black dog .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
A couple watches a boat against a skyline .
A man and woman sit on a bench , watching a boat go by .
The sun is setting while a man and woman watch a boat go by .
Two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water .
Two people watching a boat sail past .
A female jogger wearing red .
A girl with headphones is running next to some street signs .
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
A woman jogging across an intersection .
The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
An old man with a long white beard , glasses , and a hat is sitting on a park bench .
a bird lands on a mans glove .
A man holds a bird .
A man holds a falcon on his arm .
Gloved man holding a bird of prey .
The man is wearing gloves and holding a hawk in his hands .
A brown dog has a white toy in its mouth .
A dog holding a white stuffed animal .
A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy .
A yellow dog is chewing on a white stuffed toy .
The dog is holding a stuffed toy in his mouth .
A bunch of people at the beach .
People are enjoying a sunny day on a sandy beach by the ocean .
People are on the beach and there is a kite in the air .
People on the beach and a kite in the sky .
Sandy beach , people walking , laying , sitting , a kite is flying .
A Brown dog is jumping over a fallen tree in the woods .
A small tan dog jumps over a small log .
Tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest .
The dog leaps over the log in the forest .
The white dog is jumping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog swimming in murky water .
A brown dog swims in the murky water .
A dog with yellow fur swims , neck deep , in water .
A golden retreiver swimming in the water .
A yellow dog is swimming in the water .
A tan curly haired dog jumps in the snow with a stick in its mouth .
A white dog catches a stick in the snow .
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
a white dog jumps in the snow .
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .
A person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains .
A person walks in the valley between tall mountains .
A person with a backpack and walking stick , walking towards the mountains in the valley below .
People with backpacks hiking in the mountains .
Three people walk through a valley towards snowy mountains .
A little girl gets her picture taken while on the merry-go-round .
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods .
A little girl on a piece of playground equipment
A little girl sitting on a playground ride .
A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round .
A dark skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
A male walking and a female talking on the phone beside the concrete building .
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
Two people standing on the sidewalk .
Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
A guy and a girl , both wearing white shirts and jeans , stand under a flowering tree .
A man and a woman are talking in a park
a man and woman standing underneath the tree are talking .
A man in a white shirt is standing in the grass showing something to a woman in a white shirt .
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain
A man in a yellow helmet climbs a cliff face , snow behind him .
A man is climbing up a wall with a rope
A man leans back while climbing a mountain tethered to a rope .
He is rock climbing .
Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area .
A group of students dressed in sweatshirts and jackets head towards the right .
A group of students walking on campus , some carrying books .
A group of students walk together .
A group of young people are walking through a park under blossoming trees .
Several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees .
A group of college students walk in nice weather .
A group of people walk in the park , while some talk on phones .
A group of students are walking through the campus .
A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones .
several young people walking casually around
A person in the distance hikes among hoodoos with stars visible in the sky .
A person standing on a ridge in the desert .
Interesting rock formations in the desert landscape , with stars above .
The night sky in the desert .
There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes .
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building .
A black dog , running in the snow .
A black dog running in the snow by some trees .
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area .
The black and brown dog is running through the snow .
Three men walking on a sidewalk in a city .
Three people are walking down the street with cars and buildings in the background .
Three people stand along a main road .
Three people walking on a sidewalk with 3 light colored cars in the background .
three people wearing winter clothes standing on the sidewalk near a street
A man in an orange hat jumping .
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert .
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert
Man jumping with a rock formation in background .
An elderly man is sitting on a bench .
An older man wearing a brown coat siting on a bench .
An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench .
Old man in tan jacket and black cap sitting on bench
The older man with the shopping bag and cane is sitting on a bench .
These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench .
Two individuals watch a tennis match .
Two people sit on a park bench while watching a neighborhood tennis match .
Two people with red scarves on their heads are watching tennis .
Two women sitting on a bench in front of a tennis court near a building complex .
Two brown dogs are fighting and they are both wearing red .
Two brown dogs rough house outside .
Two brown dogs wearing red collars look at each other while running along a dirt field .
two dogs play together .
Two large brown short haired dogs with collars play chase in a field .
The two greyhound dogs wearing sweaters are playing in the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in a field .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in the grass .
A brown and white dog is jumping high and catching a blue ball .
A dog is jumping and catching a small , blue ball in a park surrounded by two other dogs .
A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth .
A dog jumps in the air to catch a blue ball .
Three dogs run on grass , one leaps to catch blue ball .
A girl in a skimpy bikini outfit walks and carries a helmet .
A scantily clad girl , in a helmet , walks away from the camera , down a busy sidewalk .
A woman wearing a helmet , tall boots , and short shorts walks down the street .
Girl in bikini bottoms , boots and a helmet walking away at a street fair .
The woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet .
A black dog playing with a purple toy in the snow .
A black dog runs through the snow carrying a blue toy .
A dog plays in the snow .
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .
The black and brown dog carries a purple toy in the snow .
A boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points .
A man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
A man with a backpack is sitting in a dirt road and pointing toward the horizon .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
A dog is staring at the food in the plate of a person eating .
A person holding a dog while they eat .
A person is eating a plate of pasta with a black and brown dog on his or her lap .
A person is eating pasta , while a dog is watching .
Someone in a blue and white striped sweater is eating and the dog next to them is interested in their food .
A brown dog is sprayed with water .
A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors .
A dog stands on his hind feet and catches a stream of water .
A jug is jumping up it is being squirted with a jet of water .
A tan , male dog is jumping up to get a drink of water from a spraying bottle .
A brown dog is sniffing around green grass on a hill .
A dog is digging a field .
A dog stands in a large , grassy field .
A dog walks alone in a field .
A dog with a red harness tracks a scent in a field .
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building .
A man dressed in black is waiting at a crosswalk .
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light .
A man stands at a traffic light , waiting to cross the street .
Man in black waits at crossing signal near large brick building .
A dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out .
A dog runs with his tongue hanging out .
A dog with its mouth open is running .
Brown and cream dog with tongue out
The white and black dog runs on the field with his tongue hanging out .
A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground .
A little girl in pink and purple stands on a playground .
A very young girl is walking on a playground .
The little girl is playing at the playground .
Young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail .
A brown and black puppy stands by a camera .
A dog chews on the strap of a camera case .
A dog gnaws on the strap of a camera .
A small dog chewing on a black strap .
A small dog is standing behind a camera .
Man and woman walking near the ocean .
Two people are walking alongside a decorative railing while wearing winter gear .
Two people are walking by the ocean .
Two people in coats walking next to a fence .
Two people walk together on a cold day .
A man on the beach in jeans looking at his camera .
A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach .
Barechested man filming at the beach .
The man is wearing rolled up blue jeans and holding a video camera on a stone beach .
The shirtless man used his camera while sitting on the rocky beach .
a dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest
A dog leaps over a tree fallen in the forest .
A large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest .
Large brown dog jumps over a low tree trunk in a wooded area .
The German Shepherd is jumping over a fallen tree .
A brown dog leaps up to catch an orange toy .
A dog catches a disk in the air .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee .
A dog leaping to catch a Frisbee in the yard .
Brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background .
A brown and white dog chews on a tire .
A brown and white dog with pointy ears stands outside in sand holding a small tire in its mouth .
a brown , black and white dog holding a tire in its mouth while standing on sand
A bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand .
A dog standing in sand , holding a tire in his mouth .
A black dog chases a ball in the grass .
A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass .
A dog and a ball on green grass and in front of trees .
A dog chases a ball in the grass .
Green grass field , a black dog running after a ball .
A baby dressed in blue jumps outside .
A child is bouncing on a trampoline that is next to the house .
A small child jumps up on a trampoline .
a young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house .
The little boy with red hair jumps on the trampoline .
The three children are in a cage .
three children are locked in a cage .
Three children in a black dog kennel .
Three small children are in a cage .
three well dressed blond children in a cage .
A brown dog is running though a river .
a brown dog jumping in a stoney brook .
A brown dog runs through shallow water .
A dog wading through shallow water .
a golden retriever splashes in the water .
A large , brown , fluffy dog with a small white and brown dog on a dirt surface .
a large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt .
A small dog and a large dog play together .
Bigg playing with little dog in dirt .
Two dogs play with each other in the dirt .
A girl who looks upset with her arms crossed .
An Indian woman in a black shirt stands with her arms crossed looking at two other people talking to each other .
A person in a red and black shirt has their arms crossed and looks at the camera .
A teenage girl is standing with her arms crossed in a busy street .
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .
A dog carries a leash in its mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
A large furry brown dog is walking with a leash in his mouth .
a yellow dog carries a black leash .
Dog walking with his lease in his mouth .
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
A man holds up a cardboard sign near a wall with red graffiti .
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign .
A man stands on the side of the road , holding a cardboard sign .
A man stands with a cardboard sign on a road
A hiker walks on rocky ground at the base of a foggy mountain .
A lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background .
A person is hiking along rough terrain with fog and mountains in the background .
Distant person with blue backpack hiking in rocky area , mountains in background .
The person is hiking .
A skier flies through the air .
Ski boot gets pulled out of the ski .
The feet of a skier with one boot coming out of the ski and casting a shadow .
Two boots are on two skis moving very fast .
Two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski
A girl sits outside at a large fountain .
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain .
A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain .
A young woman sits near a fountain .
Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain .
a brown dog is running through a grassy field .
A brown dog running through grass .
A dog runs in a grassy field .
A golden-brown dog running through a green field .
A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass .
A man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation .
A man in the desert .
A man poses in front of a large rock formation .
A man standing next to a huge rock formation .
A man stands next to a strange rock formation with his arms in the air .
Two black , brown and white dogs running in green grass with ears up on heads .
Two dogs run through a field of grass
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass .
Two look-alike dogs running in the green grass .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in a large body of water .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in the ocean .
a young girl in a striped bathing suit jumping in the ocean .
girl jumping over wave
A man is sitting on a bench facing another man who is standing .
A man sits on a bench while another man walks toward him .
A person sitting on tan bench and man in green shirt standing on black and grey floor .
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break .
Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass .
A large , tan dog is rolling in green grass .
Big yellow dog rolling around on the green lawn .
Large dog rolling on its back in green grass .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog jumps over a bar in an agility test .
A dog jumps over a hurdle on a grass field .
A dog leaps over a bar on an obstacle course
The black and white dog jumps over an obstacle .
A brown dog indoors , with a large pink toy .
A dog with a wrinkled face bites on a pink toy .
A wrinkled dog playing with a pink chew toy
The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth .
This is a strange sight , a dog delivering a cookie .
A toddler starting at a clown walking down a snowy sidewalk .
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
Three adults and a toddler stand on a snowy path .
Three adults and one child are walking along a paved path that is snow covered .
Two adults , a child , and a clown walking down a sidewalk .
A father with his two kids at the ocean with the young boy flying up in the air .
A little boy jumps from his fathers arms on the beach .
A man tosses a boy into the air at the beach .
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach .
A big , shaggy dog runs in a field of dandylions .
a dog running in a field of daisies
a dog sitting in the grass , with his tongue out
A long haired dog frolics in a meadow of yellow flowers .
A shaggy dog plays in a field of grass and yellow flowers .
A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans .
a grey in a grey sweashirt running alongside of a small dog
A person playing with their black dog in the grass .
A woman and a dog are running in a field .
A woman flies a kite in a field while her dog watches .
A black dog and a woman in a red shirt playing tug of war .
A dog is pulling on one end of a rope and a girl is pulling on the other .
A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees .
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside .
A woman and a dog playing outside
A dog chasing another dog by a lake .
A husky chasing a brown spoted dog at the shore .
Two dogs , a spaniel and a husky , chase each other across the sand by a body of water .
Two dogs chase each other near the water .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A black and white dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A black and white dog is midjump and has a Frisbee in his mouth .
A black and white dog jumps up in the air to catch a Frisbee .
A dog jumps in the air , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .
A white dog in a jump , holding a plate in his mouth .
A black and white dog is running up a path towards some potted plants .
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back .
A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants .
A dog turning to look at the camera .
A white and black dog in a hallway filled with potted plants .
a group of people sitting around a table drinking tea or coffee
Three individuals sit at a table , smiling .
Three people gather around a table for beverages .
Three people gather around the table and have their picture taken .
Two women and a man sit at a table having coffee in a home .
A couple stands on a dock by the water hugging .
A stone dock and a couple hugging at the end , water behind .
Two people are hugging at the end of a stone jetty that looks out over the ocean .
Two people embrace on the end of a dock .
Two people stand on the pier looking at the ocean and embrace .
A man repels down a cliff over water .
A mountain climber hangs from a cliff above the ocean .
A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean .
A person is climbing a cliff wall , over a rocky shore , using a rope .
The man is climbing up the rock .
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
A man holding a wine bottle and wearing a box on his head is standing next to a man wearing a black hoodie .
one man wearing a black hoodie sweatshirt and another wearing a box over his head
One person is wearing a box on their head and holding a bottle while another man is standing next to him .
Two men , one with a box on his head holding a bottle
A big , black dog is walking along the water 's edge .
A black dog and its reflection are seen near a pond ringed by dry foliage .
A black dog is walking beside water in the woods .
A black dog walks along a marsh 's edge .
A dog is walking near a body of water .
A pitbull dog is biting another dog on the face .
A tan dog opens his mouth to bite another tan dog .
One dog is trying to bite another .
One tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed .
Two brown dogs playing with each other , one has his mouth open biting the other dog .
A bee clings to a yellow flower .
a bee on top of a flower
A bee sits on a flower .
a small bee landed on a bunch of yellow flowers
Beautiful blue sky and yellow flowers .
a girl wearing pink swings on a swing .
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing .
a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set
The girl is on a swing .
The little girl played on the swing .
A man sitting on the left near a man walking along the side of a street with colorful buildings .
A man walking by a sitting man on the street .
A man with dreadlocks and a backpack walks down the sidewalk with colorful buildings in the background .
A white man with dreadlocks walks down the sidewalk .
Two boys are on the sidewalk as cars pass by on the road .
A black , brown , and white dog jumping over a pile of logs with trees in the background .
A dog is jumping over some logs .
A dog jumps over a pile of logs .
A dog jumps over a pile of wood .
A large dog is leaping over some logs in a woodland clearing .
a girl in a pink top is swinging with her hair flying everywhere .
A girl is swinging .
A girl is swinging and looking down with her hair flying .
A girl 's hair streams behind her as she swings
A girl with long hair flying in the breeze while she swings .
a black dog is running across a grassy field in front of some bushes .
A dog in a grassy park jumping and playing .
A dog with a muzzle on .
A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground .
The black dog leaps into the air in the grass .
A brown dog has a purple disc .
A brown dog has its eyes closed and a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
The brown and black dog is holding a pink disc on a green yard .
The dog returns the play toy to its master .
This is a dog holding a Frisbee .
A group of people are listening to a man with a moustache speak into a microphone .
A lady with brown hair sitting at a table while someone speaks on a microphone in the background .
A man holds a microphone and speaks as a group of seated people watch and one woman looks down .
A woman at a table looking down .
People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone .
a brown dog jumps over a chain .
A dog jumps over a chain .
A dog leaping over a chain .
A greyhound jumps over a chain .
Brown dog leaps over a chain suspended over a gravel road .
A grey " labradoodle " jumps over another large dog .
one grey puddle jumping in the air in front of another tan dog
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard .
Two dogs playing in grass .
Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , play on the grass .
A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain .
A panoramic distance view of a rock climber going up a steep mountain wall .
person rock climbing
There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall .
This person is climbing the side of a mountain .
a man climbing a sheer rock wall
A person climbing a large mountainside .
A person climbs up a rock face .
A rock climber
A climber ascending a mountain
Two dogs are bending over and looking down into a ditch to investigate .
Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera .
Two dogs are shown with only their tails and backsides as they dig in the dirt .
Two dogs are sniffing at the ground with their tails in the air .
Two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up .
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean .
A black dog runs along the beach .
A black dog runs through surf on a sandy beach .
A dog runs along the ocean surf .
Balck dog is running on clean sand beach , very close to surf .
A couple kiss outdoors , while another couple watch .
A man and a woman are outside kissing with a woman wearing a red scarf in the background .
The woman on the right is wearing a red scarf .
Two people in complete love are kissing in the most beautiful embrace .
Two people kissing .
A street view with cars and buildings .
cars are parked by a little store in quaint European street .
Cobblestone street and line of storefronts
People stand outside of a building that has cars parked in front .
There are two blue signs on the corner of the street .
A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
A cow herd grazing in the pasture with a dog running in the foreground .
A dog running in the grass around sheep .
A dog bites an object offered by a person .
A dog playing with a dog toy as someone tries to pull it from its mouth .
a golden retriever plays with a toy .
The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
Two dogs fighting for the same chew toy .
Two brown dogs are laying on the street next to a metal pole .
two dogs are chained to a pole .
Two dogs are tied to a tree in a city .
Two dogs tied to a tree .
Two small dogs sit near a tree .
A brown and white dog runs away carrying a big stick .
A dog running through the grass with a stick in his mouth .
Dog fetching huge stick .
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
The brown dog is running away with a stick in its mouth .
A young couple kissing on a park bench .
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
Couple is making out on a park bench in public .
The girl and boy are kissing whilst sitting on a wooden bench .
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
A dog has its head coming up from the water as it holds a stick .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth .
closeup of a brown dog in the water holding a very large stick .
A hiker wearing an orange backpack is walking through long grass .
A man walking in brush with a big orange backpack .
A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area .
A person with a large backpack hiking through the tall grass .
The hiker with a black and orange backpack walks away into the wooded area .
A backpacker looks over a cliff towards the fog .
A backpacker looks toward a foggy landscape .
A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance .
a man with an orange backpack is standing on a cliffside path .
Hiker with yellow backpack stares into fog .
A man drinking and reading the paper .
A man reads the newspaper at a table for one .
A man reads the newspaper while having a drink .
A man wearing glasses sits with a drink at a table whilst reading the newspaper .
An African-American man reading the newspaper and drinking beer in a shop .
A couple of people sit in chairs in a waiting room lit in sunlight .
A line of white chairs folded and a few indescript people sitting in the background .
People wait in chairs , one person has their shoe off .
Photo of an inside of a place with chairs and people sitting in them .
Some people are sitting in seats under a white framed glass canopy .
A woman carrying a backpack sits on a rocky ledge overlooking the water .
A woman sits alone on the rocks by a beach .
A woman sits on a rock by the water .
a woman sits on the rock .
A woman wearing a red backpack is sitting on a rock overlooking the water .
a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain
A large window with a mountain range while onlookers stand in front .
People look out the window at mountains .
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain .
Sillhouttes of people in front of a mountain and in front of a window .
A crowd at a rally .
A crowd of people remember the Armenian genocide from 1915 to 1923 .
A group of people are gathered to watch a man speak from a podium about Armenian genocide .
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide .
There is a man in suit speaking at a podium at a protest march .
A lady is giving a speech dealing with the Armenian genocide .
A middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event .
A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase " Armenian Genocide " written on it , flanked by priests and men in suits .
A woman speaking at an Armenian Genocide event
A woman speaks at a podium surrounded by religious men .
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators .
A man holding a flag stands next to a woman wearing black and white .
A man holding flag and a woman behind a railing .
An elder man in a white shirt and cap waves a flag as a group of people stand behind him .
An older man with a red , blue , and orange flag in a crowd
a boy drinks from a glass bottle .
a girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle .
A girl in a purple sweater watching a boy drink from a green bottle .
A little girl in pink watches a young boy drink out of a bottle on a crowded street .
Boy drinking from a green bottle with girl in purple sweater watching .
A man sitting cross-legged in a field
A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag .
A person wearing a hat sits on the grass with a mountain behind him .
A person with a stocking cap on is sitting down on a grassy plain with a mountain behind them .
Man on green grass , mountains and semi-cloudy sky in background .
An african american woman wearing an orange dress with a hood is covering her face with her hand while sitting in a chair .
A woman in an orange-hooded outfit is sitting with her hand on her face .
Woman in a red headscarf covering her face .
Woman in orange clothing putting her palm over her face .
Woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair .
A puppy catching a bird
A small white dog holds a bird in its mouth as it runs in a field .
A white dog carries a gray bird in a field .
A white puppy is carrying a black bird in its mouth .
The dog returns with the hunter 's bird .
two african toddlers dressed in pink are playing in a sparsely decorated kitchen .
Two girls in pink dresses dance and clap .
Two little girls in pink are dancing .
Two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together .
Two very young girls in pink dance inside .
a class holds up their certificates .
a group of children posing with their certificates ,
A group of children showing their diplomas .
The children hold up awards .
The girl in a yellow shirt walks in front of a group of kids holding up awards .
A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee .
A dog jumps through the grass .
a grey dog jumps in the air to catch a Frisbee in a grassy park
A shaggy dog jumps outside in the grass .
The black dog is jumping up in the air .
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants .
A woman walking over a bridge with tall grass on either side of her .
A woman walks along a boardwalk
A woman with dark hair walks through a grassy field on a path with wooden handrails .
A young woman crosses a bridge through a field of tall grass .
A black and brown dog shakes water off of itself .
a brown and black dog shaking the water of himself
A brown and black dog with a red and blue collar stands on a brown grassy surface with water droplets all around .
A dog stretches its neck out as it shakes off dust .
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .
A golden retriever is playing with a smaller black and brown dog in a pink collar .
A small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog .
A smaller black dog fighting with a larger brown dog in a forest .
Brown dog with mouth open near head of black and tan dog .
Two dogs playing near the woods .
A female in bluejeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded .
A girl stands in a dimly lit area .
a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
Girl stands in subway waiting on something .
Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor , seated figure in background .
A girl standing in an enclosed place
A girl stands alone while a man raises his arms in the background .
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
Young lady standing alone waiting .
A boy in a harness climbs a rock wall .
A small boy hangs from a safety harness next to a climbing wall .
A young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder .
The boy is climbing a white rock wall .
The small child climbs a white rock wall .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
A black and a yellow dog
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
A white dog fetches a stick as he swims in a lake
A white dog holds a stick while swimming .
A white dog retrieves the stick from the lake for her owner .
A white dog swims with a stick .
White dog retrieving stick from water
A little boy and a little girl are playing with pebbles on the beach .
A small boy and girl on the beach 's edge , looking at the ground
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
Two little kids play on a pebble covered beach .
Two young child stand on the rocks near the edge of the water .
A group of people are holding up signs .
A group of people carry pink letters that spell " impeach " .
many woman hold up a sign reading " impeach " .
People holding pink signs that spell out , " Impeach " .
War protesters on curb , with pink umbrellas spelling out IMPEACH .
a man carrying a sign that says free hug along the sidewalk .
A man holds up a " free hugs " sign above his head .
A man is holding a sign that says " Free Hugs " .
A young man in a black shirt is holding a Free Hugs sign .
The man is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans and carrying a free hugs sign .
A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth .
A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth .
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
A dog turns on the grass to persue a flying ball .
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball .
A yellow dog anticipates a ball .
A girl flipping into a swimming pool while others swim .
A girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side .
A girl is diving into an indoor pool .
Many people are in an indoor swimming pool and one girl is in the act of jumping in headfirst .
The teenagers are swimming in an indoor pool together .
A black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand .
A dog playing with a golf ball in front of a small wooden fence on the beach .
A dog plays in the sand with a ball .
A white dog with black spots looks at a golf ball in the sand .
The dog eyes the ball before retrieving it .
A girl climbs a huge rock .
A lady in black pants and her shadow , climb large rocks .
A rock climber taking a large step up the side of a rock face .
Girl in black pants climbing smooth rock .
Young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing .
A man in red climbs a rock in a field of snow , cliffs , and fallen boulders .
A man is rock climbing up a snowy , rocky mountain .
A man wearing a red shirt scales a rock in a boulder field .
A person climbing a large rock with many snow covered rocks in the background .
The person with the red long sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow .
The backs of two Asian girls , wearing red tops and holding red flags .
Two Asian girls dressed in red are standing at a busy pedestrian crossing .
Two girls in red jackets are trying to cross traffic with a lot of cars going by .
Two people in red jackets with red sashes standing on a street corner .
Two women attempting to cross a busy street in China .
A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street .
A boy on a scooter .
A boy wearing a helmet rides a scooter in a suburban neighborhood .
A child on a scooter is jumping the curb .
a young boy wearing an orange helmet riding a scooter
A soccer player in blue is chasing after the player in black and white .
The girl in the white strip is falling down as the girl in the blue strip challenges for the soccer ball .
The girls are playing soccer .
Two women in soccer uniforms playing soccer .
Two young women on different teams are playing soccer on a field .
A white dog races a brown dog in a field of grass .
One brown and one white dog running through a field .
The brown and white dogs run through the field .
Two dogs are running side by side in the field .
Two dogs run through the brush .
A dirt bike rider rides off of a jump .
A dirt biker with number 625 is racing on a course .
A man in a helmet does a jump on his bike .
A man in yellow rides a motocross bike down a dirt track in a forest .
dirt bike racer
A man riding a dirt bike in down a hill in competition .
A motocross rider wearing red , white and black with a white helmet .
A motorcycle racer going down a steep , dirt hill .
A person rides a motorbike down a dirt hill .
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another .
A young man pushes his motocross bike up a dirt hill .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
Two boys lifting a dirt bike .
Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill .
A dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike .
A man wearing a helmet and safety suit goes uphill over rocks on a dirt bike .
A man wearing protective gear riding a dirt bike up a rocky hill .
An off road motorbike climbs a rocky hill .
A person on a motorcycle going uphill on rocky terrain
An elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes .
An old man on a cart shopping for shoes
An old man wearing a large hat , and riding in a motorized wheelchair , is picking out shoes at a store .
Man on electric scooter looking at shelves of shoes .
Senior citizen shops for shoes with a sombrero on his head .
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain .
A couple pose in front of a fountain .
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain .
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain .
A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street .
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street .
A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street .
a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street
Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar .
a couple hugging with other people standing around in front of some buildings
A man and a woman hug on a street .
The man in the red shirt is taking a photo of the couple that is hugging on the sidewalk .
The man in the red shirt is taking a picture of the two people hugging .
two people share a hug .
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
A puppy with blue eyes runs , an older dog with blue eyes stands behind .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
The two dogs are outside .
A creepy old man stars at a young couple as they smoke a cigarette .
A man and woman sitting , with a man standing to the left .
An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building .
A red haired man in white pants glances at a couple sitting on a step .
Several people standing and sitting outside on the sidewalk .
Two brown dog play together in the water .
Two brown dogs playing in water
Two dogs playing in the ocean .
Two dogs play in the water .
Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air .
A group of people sit before a campfire .
Four people sit around a campfire and the sky is blue behind them .
Several people sit by a campfire in the darkness .
Three people lounge on a dark prairie in front of a campfire
Three people sitting around a fire .
A group of girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Three girls are riding a ride with shoulder harnesses as the girl in green poses .
Three girls are riding on a roller coaster .
Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves .
Three young girls posing while riding a roller coaster .
A kayaker almost turns over .
A kayaker traverses some churning rapids .
A man is kayaking in rough water .
A man kayaks in wavy water .
A person in a blue kayak battles the waves .
A man in a yellow boat paddling against waves .
A person in a yellow kayak is paddling through a river with snowy banks .
The kayaker is going through rapids .
The man is in a yellow kayak in rough waters .
This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .
A girl in a petterned shirt is talking to a guy with a hat in a billiards room .
A man holding a pool stick talking to a woman in a pool hall
A man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt .
Boy holding pool cue looking at person in sweater
Two people are talking to each other at a pool place .
A girl reads and listens to music on a bus .
a woman reads a book on a train .
A woman reads while on public transportation .
The girl is sitting on a train and reading a book .
Woman on a train , reading and listening to headphones .
A guy in midair is behind the raft full of people .
A man flipped off of a white water raft .
A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .
A man has fallen out of a white water raft while other rafters look at him .
A man is launched into the air from a raft .
A group of people go rafting .
A person flies backward off a blue raft near rapids .
Six people are riding in raft on white water whilst the seventh person has been flung out of the boat into the air .
The guy gets thrown out of the raft on the rapids .
The six people are in a blue raft in the water and one person flew out of the raft .
A climber scales a cliff as others watch .
A figure is climbing up a rock while people on the grond watch .
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch .
A woman is rock climbing
People are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
a young man wearing a grey and black shirt and a white headband
Teenager standing up with a headband on
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A beagle looking over his shoulder as he stand on a sandy slope .
A beagle stands in the sand and grass .
A dog stands in a field .
Brown , black and white dog standing on a sandy slope .
Dog standing in grassy sand dune .
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline .
A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline
A girl doing a handstand on a trampoline .
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline .
A little girl does a handstand on a trampoline
A boy kicks a soccer ball high up .
A little boy in a bright green field has kicked a soccer ball very high in the air .
A small boy wearing red kicks a soccer ball above the grass .
a young boy playing with a soccer ball in a field
Young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field
A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog .
a white dog is attempting to catch a green and pink object .
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy .
A white furry dog jumping to catch a Frisbee .
The dog is trying to catch a Frisbee .
A man crouched on a snowy peak .
A man in a green jacket stands in deep snow at the base of a mountain .
A man kneels in the snow .
A man measures the depth of snow .
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow .
A man is sitting on a bench behind a bike .
A man sitting on a bench next to his bike .
A man sitting on a bench with his bicycle leaning against a railing .
A man sitting on a bench with his bike parked at the rail .
Man sitting on a bench next to a bike .
A boy in a black and white shirt holds a red skateboard as he stands over the Hollywood Stars .
A skateboarder examines the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
A teenage boy wearing a striped shirt walks on a street paved with stars carrying a skateboard .
Man walking with red skateboard .
Person wearing black and white striped shirt holding a red skateboard standing on sidewalk with stars .
One dog biting at another dog 's face in a grassy field .
There are two brown dogs playing in field .
Two brown dogs with blue collars are running in the grass .
Two dogs are fighting and playing with each other while running through some grass .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
A baby being held by a small girl , swimming underwater in a blue pool .
A child supports a toddler underwater in a pool .
A small girl and a toddler swimming underwater in a pool .
A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two children smile underwater
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car .
A black dog asleep in a car .
A dog in a car .
A dog in a car .
The dog is sleeping in the vehicle .
A bicycle stunt person midair performing a trick with fans watching .
A BMW rider makes a fantastic jump as onlookers marvel .
A group of young people are watching a man on a dirt bike performing a stunt in the air .
A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump .
A man performing a trick on a bmx bike
Two dogs running in a body of water that is light blue with tip of an island of grass showing
Two dogs run through the water near a beach , with land on the horizon .
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water .
Two dogs splash through the lake .
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake .
A dog is jumping across an obstacle .
A dog jumps over a red and blue hurdle .
A dog leaps over a red and blue jump .
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle .
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
A black and white spotted dog is circling a gray and white dog .
A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog .
Two dogs are running around each other in the sand .
Two dogs play in a sandy field .
two dogs play on a baseball field .
A girl is climbing a rock wall .
A person climbs a steep mountain .
A person wearing a white hat climbs a rock .
A rock climber ascends .
Someone climbs a rocks .
A man does skateboard tricks off a ramp while others watch .
A skateboarder does a trick for an audience .
A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe .
Boy dressed in black is doing a skateboarding jump with a crowd watching .
People watching a guy in a black and green baseball cap skateboarding .
a man in brown jacket and blue cap is washing a black jacket in fountain .
A man leans over into a fountain .
a man stares at bricks .
A man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain .
The young man looks into the fountain on a sunny day .
A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .
Two dogs are playing on the grass .
Two dogs leap toward each other on a grassy lawn .
Two dogs on hind legs with faces near each other on a grassy field .
Two dogs playing .
A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .
A dog biting the cleaning end of a broom .
A dog is biting a mop .
A tan dog bites on a broom as it moves over the brick floor .
a tan dog chewing on a broom .
A girl is hula hooping on a sidewalk in New York .
A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops .
a young girl uses two hula hoops .
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
Young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area , man in blue shirt stands behind him .
a brown dog retrieves a ball on a green , slimy , rock covered beach
A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A dog walks through the water with an object in its mouth .
A very wet dog coming toward the camera through a mossy pond with a ball .
Two brown dogs are running on the sand .
Two brown dogs on the sand
Two brown dogs running and playing on a beach .
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Two dogs run on the beach .
A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man .
Asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men
Talk between man in Hawaiian shirt , older man in gray and man seen from behind .
These three men are sitting near each other , and are all wearing short sleeved shirts .
Three men , one in a red and white shirt , are sitting together .
A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places .
A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera .
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio .
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass .
The young boy is walking wearing a blue jacket , a black sweater and white collared shirt .
A brown dog is running along a beach .
A brown dog wearing a black collar running across the beach .
A dog walks on the sand near the water .
Brown dog running on the beach .
The large brown dog is running on the beach by the ocean .
Two children are standing on the shore next to a body of water .
Two children standing at the edge of a river , holding a butterfly-catcher .
Two children stand with a net by a shallow shore .
two girls look into the water .
two kids playing on the beach , close to the water
Men standing on shore with fishing pole and boat in water
Two fisherman looking at the water .
Two men holding their fishing poles .
Two men stand near the water with their fishing poles .
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
A boy jumping from a rope into the water .
A boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water .
A man has let go of the rope swing over the river .
A person in swimming trunks who has used a rope swing to jump into a lake .
The man is dropping from a swinging rope into a calm river .
a boy and a girl stand in front of a house .
A girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway .
A girl stands outside of a blue and white home while a younger child sits on its stoop .
A little girl leans on a concrete wall next to a blue door where a shirtless child sits .
A young girl stands against a blue and white house with a young boy who sits .
A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on sand .
A brown dog with large ears is shaking its self while standing on sand .
An orange dog shakes his head very hard on the sand .
a tan dog shaking its body
The orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach .
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man .
A dog stands on top of a long , blue plank of wood .
A dog walks across a ramp with a man standing near .
A man outdoors near equipment .
The man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle .
A small girl in pink and blue , on the beach , shows something to two black dogs .
A young girl in a pink and blue wetsuit and oversized red flip flops presents a little red ball to a big black dog while another dog looks on .
a young girl putting a red ball in a black dogs mouth on the beach
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs .
two black dogs wait for a little girl to throw a ball at the beach
A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket .
a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building ,
Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building .
The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk .
Three brown puppies running in the grass .
Three dogs are running through the grass .
Three dogs run through a field .
Three small puppies run through the green grass .
Three tan and brown dogs are running over grass .
a closeup of grey and white shoes on the shore near the beach water .
A person wearing grey converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes .
A person wearing grey tennis shoes is standing right where the waves stop on the sand .
A shot of shoes in water .
The person wearing tennis shoes is standing on the sand .
A girl poses with her head upside down .
A little girl hangs her head upside down .
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
A upside down girl 's face .
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide .
A little girl slides down a twisty yellow slide .
A small blond girl wearing a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide with her feet in the air .
A young girl with a yellow shirt sliding down a yellow slide
A black dog looks up at a ball in the air and prepares to catch it .
A black dog waits on the grass for a falling yellow ball .
A dog is looking up at a ball attached to the string .
The animal is near the pond .
The dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches .
A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden .
A little girl skips down a path near an idyllic country pond .
A young girl hops on the path to avoid the puddles , located near a lake .
A young girl is jumping on a gravel road near a pond .
The girl runs near a pond .
Two girls are riding a 4 wheeler .
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge .
Two girls riding an ATV .
Two kids are posing on a black ATV that is on top of sand .
Two young girls drive an ATV .
A girl chases a bird across the sand at the edge of the ocean .
A girl in a pink suit chases a gull on a beach .
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water .
The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by .
Young girl in red bathing suit feeding a seagull
One dog jumps up to catch a ball as another dog runs towards it .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard .
Two dogs play catch with a rubber ball .
Two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence .
Two tan dogs playing together in a fenced yard .
A little boy in a red jacket plays on a jungle gym .
A little boy playing on a playground .
A small black child plays on an outdoor jungle gym .
A young boy in a black sweatshirt and red vest plays on a red jungle gym .
boy playing on some metal bars
A black dog is chasing another black dog .
A wet black dog is running away from another black dog .
Two black dogs run along the green grass .
Two black , wet dogs running on grass .
Two dogs chasing each other in the grass
A girl is rowing in a lake .
a girl sits on a skinny canoe .
A woman sits in a rowing scull and looks behind her at a dock .
A woman sitting in a rowboat
Girl in a thin rowboat leaving the dock of a lake .
A brown dog leaps into the water .
A dog leaping off a boat
A dog wearing a collar jumping from a platform .
a grey and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water .
A girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide .
A girl slides on a red slide
A small girl sliding headfirst down a shiny red slide .
a toddler in a pink coat is laying front down on a red slide .
Girl in pink coat is sliding down a red slide on her stomach .
A black woman in a pink bikini is sitting on a towel on a lounge chair .
A girl with hot pink toe nails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel .
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel .
There is a very oiled darker woman on a pink towel , lounging on a lawn chair next to her flip flops and suntan lotion .
Woman in pink is suntanning
A brown dog walks in the under brush .
A dog pauses in the bushes .
a dog runs through the long grass .
Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery .
brown long-haired dog in garden .
A group of children playing with props
A group of kids are sword fighting .
Children are playing with toy swords in the street .
Children play fight with swords .
Some children tugging on a rope next to a building in a city .
A child is playing ice hockey
a young hockey player playing in the ice rink
A youth playing hockey .
The hockey player is skating on the ice smacking the puck .
Two people are playing ice hockey .
A man holding a flag is standing on a busy sidewalk .
A man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city .
A man stands on a crosswalk holding a flag .
Man standing on a street with a green red and yellow flag wrapped around him and a cap on his head .
Man wrapped in flag stands in city intersection , lit billboards in background .
Men participate in a soccer game .
Two male soccer players in game action .
Two men fall as they battle for a soccer ball .
Two opposing footballers play on a field .
two soccer players playing soccer on a field
A white haired coach is coaching his team of young men while they run towards him .
A white haired coach stands in front of a group of high school age boys running past him .
Three teenage boys are running towards an older man in a white shirt .
Three young men face an older man with a whistle .
Three young men sprinting past their coach outside .
An elderly woman crosses the road in a city .
An elderly woman in a red jacket is walking up a hilly city street .
An elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk .
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street .
Old lady crosses the street in the city .
two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick
Two dogs carry the same stick in their mouths as they walk on the sand .
Two dogs holding one stick on a beach .
Two dogs on the beach fight over a stick .
Two dogs on wet sand , each biting the same stick .
Boys playing tag football run down the field .
One kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football .
One kid is running across a field carrying a football while another is close behind grabbing for his flags .
Two children playing tag football .
Two little boys play football on green grass .
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee .
Two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material .
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths .
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee .
A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding .
A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski .
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute .
A man windsurfing .
The man is waterskiing .
A child swings on a swing .
A kid is upside down on a swing .
a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing
Little girl , upside down on swing .
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down .
The three dogs are playing with each other .
Three dogs playing on grass .
Three dogs play in the grass .
Three dogs play outside .
Three dogs play together on the green grass .
A black and a white dog are both going for a blue soccer ball .
A black and tan dog and a black and white dog are playing ball in the grass .
A black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball .
Two dogs are trying to grab a ball .
Two medium sized dogs playing with a green ball
A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach .
A black dog is followed by two brown dogs over sand .
A group of three dogs running across a rocky , sandy beach .
One black and white dog and two brown and white dogs moving on sand .
Three dogs are running across a sandy landscape .
woman smile and wave to the camera
A woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair .
A woman in pink is staring while a woman is red is posing nearby kitchen items .
Two women are smiling together at a restaurant .
Two women in front of boxes of tea and cups .
A black dog and a black dog are fighting over a soccer ball .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
Two dogs play and fight over a blue ball .
Two dogs playing with a ball .
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball .
A girl in a colourful bathing suit being ejected from a water slide into the pool .
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide .
A little girl sliding into a pool .
The girl is coming off of a water slide into a pool .
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .
A dog looks out over green grass and flowers .
A dog tied to a leash in an open grassy area .
A terrier stands in a field of grass and daisies
Small dog looking into background
The black and brown dog is on a leash in a field and facing away from the camera .
a boy jumping off a swing
A boy jumps off a swing on the swing set when its high enough .
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
A young boy leaps off a swing .
The boy wearing white is leaping from the swing .
A blonde puppy wearing a red collar is standing in the water .
A furry dog with a collar is sitting in a pond .
A tan dog swims around in the water .
A white dog with long hair wades through a pond surrounded by green grass .
White dog at the edge of the water .
A group of young men clowning around while enjoying a beverage .
Five men pose awkwardly on steps .
Five young men pose on the steps .
Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
Group of young men posing and holding cans .
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
A man locking his bicycle to a metal pole .
A man prepares to interact with a lock for a bicycle while staring away from it .
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike .
An older man in a suit locking his bike to a pole
A girl with a black bag in a cramped position on a train
Asian woman in crowd , carrying black bag with " pain " and spiked knuckle graphic .
A woman holding black and white bag rides the subway .
A woman in a white outfit holds her purse while on a crowded bus .
A young woman in white , carrying a black handbag stands in a crowd .
A girl in a dress is blowing bubbles with another girl behind her .
Girls blow bubbles outdoors .
There are two young girls in colorful dresses blowing bubbles .
Two girls in colourful dresses blowing bubbles at a park .
Two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands .
A boy in a blue shirt is running .
A distorted image of a young boy running
A little boy running , blurry picture .
A young boy runs .
Little boy running very fast .
a cat sits alone in dry grass .
A group of cats sit in the grass .
several cats resting in a field of dry grass
The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass .
The three cats , two white with calico accents and a gray tabby , are laying in the brown grass .
A lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping
A white dog jumps at a woman holding another dog .
A woman wearing shorts is holding a tan dog while a white dog jumps up in front of her .
Lady playing with her two dogs in the yard .
Woman on grass , cradling small dog as another dog jumps up .
A small white dog is running through the dirt right on the outside of a patch of grass where two people and another small black dog are playing .
A small white dog runs .
A white dog is running on gravel away from two people and a black and brown dog .
White dog outside with two people in background .
White fluffy dog running in the dirt .
A child lies in the hay with only a head and arm showing .
A young child is covered in straw except for the head and left arm .
Child playing and hiding underneath hay .
Girl hides in hay .
The child is playing hide and seek in the hay .
A child in a white bathrobe is standing in a doorway .
A man in a bathrobe with its arms tied together crosses a threshold .
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel .
A young girl wearing a white bathrobe stands by a door .
A woman looking at jewlery at a booth at an outdoor fair .
People examine the merchandise in a tent at a crafts fair .
People in a shop under a tent .
Several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent .
There is a man wearing a red shirt , white shorts , red shoes , white socks and has long braided hair .
A brown dog starring at a soccer ball .
A man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a grey dog .
Large gray dog being handed a white soccer ball .
someone is holding out a punctured ball in front of a brown dog with a red collar .
The owner tries to hand a deflated ball to his dog .
A girl kisses another little girl while the third is falling out of frame .
Three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek .
three well dressed girls , one kissing the other , a third leaning back .
Three young girls are embracing each other and seem happy .
Two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown .
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
Kids swimming underwater in the pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
Two boys are swimming underwater with a woman in the background .
A boy in a striped shirt straddles two railings .
A boy in a striped shirt straddling the sides of a playground bridge .
A boy straddles a bridge on a play set outside .
The boy is on top of the railings .
The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings .
a girl wearing red submerges from the water .
a young girl in a swimming suit emerging from the water .
A young girl in red bathing suit is in the pool .
Blond girl with missing front tooth , in pool .
The little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit .
A black dog running .
A black dog is running through a wooded area .
A black dog running through the forest .
Dog running through the woods .
The dog rounds the curve coming out of the woods .
An older woman in a red vest with a group of other people at the street .
an old lady walks down the street .
A woman in a red vest stands in a crowd .
A woman in red stands with other people outside .
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion .
A man gets ready to take a picture .
A man is looking at his camera
A man looking at a picture in his camera .
A man with a digital camera , looking at the screen .
A photographer prepares for a shot .
A dog is catching a Frisbee i its mouth .
A white dog catches a red disc in his mouth .
A white dog leaps up to grab a pink Frisbee .
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair .
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee .
a boy in a white t-shirt is playing on a swing that is attached to a tree .
A child smiles on a tree swing .
A child swings high with trees in the background .
A toddler at the high point of a swing in a tree .
A young boy riding in a swing .
A big dog shakes itself dry while standing in a creek .
A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake .
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself .
A tan dog is shaking water off its fur .
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .
A blonde woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .
A lady paying attention to what she is watching , another woman taking photos .
A woman in a blue shirt gazes into the distance .
A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
Woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings .
A boy holding a toy football , runs along a paved path .
A boy runs past a house carrying a very small plastic foam football .
A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway .
A person runs with a small football .
a young boy running on a sidewalk holding a small football .
A black dog in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in its mouth .
A black dog is swimming with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A black dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
A dog swims in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth .
a black dog plays with a ball in the water .
A black dog runs in the water holding a pink toy in its mouth .
A black dog standing in shallow water with a pink ball in its mouth .
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball .
A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land .
A light brown dog and a black and brown dog are in some dry brush .
A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush .
One tan dog with a stick and one mostly black dog .
Two dogs playing outside .
A boy rides a horse .
A young boy rides a brown horse bareback .
Child with purple shirt and bluejeans is atop a brown horse .
The kid is getting onto the horses back by holding onto its hair .
The small child is on a horse 's back .
A brown , white , and black dog runs in the sand .
a large brown dog is running across sand dunes in front of some small green foliage .
A striped dog is running in the desert .
A wild dog runs through the desert .
A wolf running in sandy plains .
An oriental florist arranging flowers
A person looking to the right standing between plants in buckets and a banana box .
A woman dressed in black standing at a green counter with barrels of flowers placed on it .
A woman is standing at a counter that is holding buckets of flowers .
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes .
A man fishes near some white waves .
A man is holding up a stick by a breaking wave in the ocean .
A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand .
Man fishes in ocean .
There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave .
A couple dressed for a formal event posing together .
A couple outside a church after a wedding .
A couple posing outside a building , while a woman in a green dress walks by .
A young couple in formal pose for a picture .
Young couple pose for camera in formal wear , older man and woman in background .
Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose , while one holds a drink .
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink .
Two men in white suits cheer
Two men wearing white suits and sunglasses are at a party punching their hands into the air .
Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar .
A lady with red hair is standing in front of a mixing table with another person behind her holding up their hands .
A middle aged woman is standing by a DJ deck in a house .
A middle aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point .
An older woman stands by turn tables as another female flips off the camera .
Red haired lady acts like a DJ .
A boy standing next to large fountain , with an office building in the background .
Kids are standing in the sprinklers getting soaked with water .
People are playing in water fountains .
People standing in water spouts in the city on a sunny day .
Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky .
A child in a white and orange outfit doing push ups .
A girl wearing blue goggles on her head makes a face while laying on the grass .
A little girl makes a goofy face and does a half push up in the grass .
A little girl with a bow in her hair , doing a push-up on the grass .
Child lying in the grass and wearing blue swim goggles on its head .
Three girls fell on top of one another and are laughing histerically .
Three girls pile on top of each other on the concrete .
Three girls playing on the ground .
Three teenage girls rolling all over each other on the ground , laughing
Three young girls play wrestling and laugh a lot .
A jeep tries driving over a rocky hill .
An off road vehicle climbs over a dirt hill .
A vehicle comes over the top of a hill .
A white jeep in the dirt in the woods .
Monster Truck rides through dirt field
Children are playing badminton in the garden .
Children play badminton on the lawn .
Three children are playing badminton .
Three young boys playing badminton , with a fence in the background .
Two boys hold badminton rackets to the sky in a backyard .
A bald man is sitting on a rock next to a woman in a black jacket .
One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
The couple pauses atop a rocky overlook .
two people are sitting on a rock looking at the horizon .
Two people on a rock looking at each other .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
A black dog is looking down at another black dog lying on the grass .
Two big black dogs play with each other in the grass .
Two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together .
Two black dogs are playing on the grass .
two black dogs play together on a lawn
A group of children are playing near a statue .
A group of kids play on a colorful structure .
Four children playing on a tent-like structure
Four middle eastern children , three girls and one boy , climb on a grotto with a pink interior .
Some children climb around a shrine .
a brown and white dog chasing a ball on some grass .
a brown and white dog has is playing with a white ball on the grass .
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass .
A orange dog playing with a white ball on green grass .
A small brown dog paws at a white ball
A little blonde girl running outside .
A little blonde girl wearing yellow laughing and running .
A little girl in a yellow jumper runs holding a bucket .
Little girl with blond curly hair and wearing a yellow dress is jumping up .
The young girl in the yellow dress is running in the garden area .
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing .
A little girl is hanging upside down from a swing attached to a tree .
A little girl with brown hair , jeans , and a white polka dot shirt , hangs upside down on a swing in her backyard .
A young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing .
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
A boy in a white tracksuit is break dancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
A city break dancer starts to spin .
A man balances on his forearms while a child watches in front of a colorful background .
Children watch a man doing dance moves .
The break dancer is wearing a white shirt and grey pants .
A girl wading through water in a lake .
A lit girl splashes around in natural water .
a young child running in the shallows at a lake .
A young girl playing in the water with others watching in the background .
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water .
Two girls are on a fair ride that is forcing them to be smashed together .
Two girls enjoy a ride at an amusement park .
Two girls on a ride at an amusement park .
Two girls riding an amusement park ride .
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .
A boy rides his skateboard at the park .
A little boy in red skateboarding .
A young boy is skating through a skating park .
A young boy skateboards on a sidewalk at a skate park .
Little boy with red shirt and grey shorts does a trick on a skateboard .
A man skis on a snowy mountain .
A person skis down a steep snowy hill .
a skier skiing down a snowy mountainside
A skier speeds through the snow .
The skier is descending the hill whilst wearing a silver helmet and red backpack .
A brown dog fetching a ball out of the water .
A brown dog is climbing out of the water with a green ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is pulling itself out of the water onto some rocks with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water .
A dog with a ball in its mouth getting out of the water .
A black dog on a white carpet next to an orange .
A black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor .
A black puppy standing inside beside an orange .
An orange on the floor next to a dog .
The black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange .
A dog jumping over a fence .
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field .
A white dog with black spots is jumping over a white fence .
The dog leaps over the fence in the park .
The spotted dog jumps a fence .
a muzzled white dog is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running on the grass .
A white dog with a muzzle is running through an uncut field with a fence nearby .
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees .
White dog with a muzzle running in the grass .
A male in grey pants with a blue shirt and backpack walking down a sidewalk in a neighborhood .
A man walks between houses
A person with a backpack carrying bags of groceries down a sidewalk between houses .
A woman with a backpack walks along a series of buildings .
The person is walking down a paved walk between two rows of houses .
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb .
A toddler , with a paper hat and face paint , sucking his thumb .
A young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .
The child has blue and black face paint on , and is wearing a paper crown .
Young boy wearing a paper printed hat , blue jacket and blue and black face paint holds hands near mouth
A man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock .
A man in brown pants , white shirt and orange hat stands on a rock near a wooded area .
A man is standing on the top of a rock .
a man wearing an orange cap and brown cargo pants stands on a rock by some green trees .
A man wearing an orange cap , white shirt , cargo pants , and hiking boots stands on a rock .
A brown dog in a red harness chasing a red ball .
A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball .
A dog in a harness chasing a red ball .
A dog wearing a harness is playing with red ball in a grassy area .
A pitbull dog chasing a red ball .
Boy walks across shallow , reflective water in park area , ocean in background .
Man walking through large puddle of water .
People sit and walk outside near the water .
Person walking across a large puddle of water in a park .
Trees are reflected by a thin layer of water on the cement .
a lone skier jumping on the side of a snowy mountain .
a skier jumps over a gap .
A skier doing a flip while jumping .
The skier does a flip .
The skier does a high flip over snow in the mountains .
A black dog carries a bucket in its mouth .
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot .
A dog next to pine tree biting on a bucket
A furry black dog in a backyard carrying a basket in its mouth .
A furry dog is walking by green trees while carrying something in its mouth .
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .
A woman in a black shirt smiling front of a car
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck .
Smiling girl in front of a white truck .
A group of children are playing with bubbles outdoors .
Children play outside of a building trying to catch large bubbles .
group of kids outside a building reaching for a bubble
The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble .
With a yellow building in the background , several children are looking in the air .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A small child wears skis on a ski hill .
a young girl wearing a grey snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain .
A girl in a hat hangs from ropes in the woods .
A girl in a yellow sun hat is hanging on ropes .
A little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes .
A little girl in a hat , striped shirt , and red shorts walking on a rope bridge .
A young girl balances on a rope ladder outside .
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl .
an ambulance drives on the street .
A red ambulance drives down the street as two people look on .
Two people in Seattle looking at an ambulance in the street .
Two people stand before an ambulance .
A boy in a shirt and tie jumps off a staircase .
A child , wearing a tie , jumps off steps .
A young boy in dress clothes and a tie is jumping in the air .
Boy in white dress shirt , black slacks , tie and sneakers jumping down from steps near yellow flowers .
The young boy with nice pants , a belt , and a tie is jumping off the steps
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood .
A woman lays on a sofa in a yard .
A woman lies down on an old couch sitting on the grass .
Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn .
There is a couch sitting on grass with a girl in jeans and light brown hair on it .
A man and a dog are in a canoe on the water .
A man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog .
Man in kayak with large dog
Man paddling canoe on green water , with dog in boat .
The man holds a wooden paddle in a canoe with his dog .
A child in a pink hat on a pink surfboard .
A girl in pink and man in black paddle through water .
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surfboard .
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board .
Two children splash through the water , one is wearing a pink swim cap .
A police officer posing with two army officers beside his motorcycle .
There are three policemen and a police motorcycle .
Three police officers next to a police motorcycle .
Three police officers pose with a motorcycle .
Two men in red berets pose with a motorcycle cop .
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background .
some men crossing the street in a busy city
Three men crossing a street , with trucks in the background .
Three men cross the street in front of a yellow truck .
Three men walking on a city street in front of a yellow bus and two FedEx trucks .
A brown dog chews on an orange ball .
A dog bites a big orange ball .
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A dog playing with a ball .
The brown dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A man in a red shirt shopping for candy
A person wearing a homemade storm trooper helmet looking at a display of candy .
A young man wearing a large space helmet is looking at candy in a market .
Man with storm trooper head gear on shops for candy .
Person standing in front of colorful display of candy .
A bug sits on a girls finger while she looks shocked .
A girl in a school uniform screams with a bug on her finger .
A girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared .
A young girl makes a face as she looks at an insect on her finger .
The girl with glasses on has a bug on her right pointer finger .
A fisherman stands on the beach on a gray day .
A man holding a fishing pole and tackle box walking in from the ocean .
a man in a yellow cap is on the beach carrying a fishing pole .
A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach .
A person is standing in the ocean fully clothed holding a fishing pole in one hand and a tackle box in the other .
Two girls in skirts smiling in a park .
Two girls playing .
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .
Two young girls running towards tge camera in front of a flower garden and 4 adults looking at the flower garden .
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden .
A black dog splashes through the water .
A brown and tan dog is running through shallow water .
A dog is running in the ocean beside the beach .
A dog running through water .
Dog splashes running across water .
A child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog .
A woman and a boy on a unicycle .
A woman holds a leash with a dog in one hand and the hand of a child riding a unicycle in the other .
A woman holding the hand of a child in a red helmet on a unicycle .
The woman walking the dog is holding the hand of the child on the unicycle .
A black dog in front of a waterfall .
A black dog is standing in front of a waterfall .
A black dog plays around near a waterfall .
Black dog prancing through the river .
The large black dog is walking in the water .
A blonde boy with a long purple Mohawk is playing the violin .
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin .
A boy with a purple , spiky Mohawk plays violin .
A kid with a blue Mohawk is playing a violin
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin .
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart holding up a cardboard sign .
A guy holding a sign , with a shopping cart .
a homeless man holding a sign written on cardboard
A man holds a sign seeking money .
homeless man begging for money using humorous sign .
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach .
A girl in jeans does a handstand on the shore of the ocean .
A woman does a handstand on the beach .
A woman wearing jeans is doing a handstand on the beach .
A boy in a black shirt is inside a structure with wooden ceiling beams .
A boy is playing in a dark theater near the stage .
A male in a black shirt near a large curved archway .
A young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background .
A young man wearing a black shirt looks down .
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .
A boy falling headfirst into a pool
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping headfirst into a swimming pool .
A brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool .
A young boy jumping upside-down into a pool .
A little boy is splashing around in the water in a kiddie pool .
A small boy in a blue shirt splashes water in a baby pool outside .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .
a young boy paying in a small pool with water
A young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop .
A girl wearing a pink dress swings a hula hoop around her neck .
A little girl in a pick dress hula hoops with her neck outside .
Blond girl paying with a hula hoop .
Blond haired girl in pink dress with blue striped hula-hoop swinging around her neck .
A girl sits and laughs while in a kiddie pool .
A little girl in a metal tub filled with water .
A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water .
A small girl in a tub of water .
A smiling young girl wearing a swimsuit is soaking in a tub of water .
A skinny girl rides by on a bike with a lot of people in the background .
A thin young woman in a green t-shirt cycles by a grey car .
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk .
A young woman riding a bike down a street past a crowd of people .
People of all ilks on a busy street .
A little boy and girl are jumping on a trampoline in front of a yellow building .
Two children , a boy and a girl , in the air above a trampoline .
Two children jumping on a trampoline .
Two children jump on a trampoline .
Two young children Bounce on a short trampoline .
four children lay on a tube .
Several girls on a raft floating in rough waters .
The four kids are riding a raft on the water .
The kids ride a boat in the water .
Three girls and one boy are holding onto a raft as they are being pulled by a road through the water .
A man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump .
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .
The man in the blue shirt is surrounded by three dogs in the grass .
Three dogs are jumping up at the man waving a stick .
Three dogs trying to get a stick from their owner .
Two children are dressed as pirates .
Two children dressed as pirates
Two children kneeling down with pirate hats on
Two young boys are kneeling in the bushes wearing pirate costumes .
Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down .
A black dog and a brown dog close together .
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path .
One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting .
Two dogs are playing together outside .
Two dogs , face to face , on a dirt road .
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
A little girl plays in a ball pit .
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
A small girl is playing in a ball pit
a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls
A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet .
A dog laying with a blue blanket over his eyes .
A dog lays on a bed with a blue sheet while also partially covered with a blue sheet .
A dog under a sheet .
The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet .
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole .
A man sits on rocks by an empty chair at the ocean 's edge .
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
Man sits near water with fishing pole and empty camping chair .
The man in the white shirt is sitting on a rock with a pole in front of him .
A man holding up a red sign that offers the honest trade of a good poem for a Giant 's ticket .
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket .
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a Giants ticket .
A man in a grey shirt and backpack is offering poems for a Giants ticket .
Desperate Giant fan tries a creative approach to garner tickets .
A girl performs skateboarding tricks in an arena for skateboarders , while wearing a helmet .
A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard .
A shirtless skateboarder .
A skateboarder wearing a grey helmet is riding his board along a concrete curve .
A view from the top of a skateboarder at the top of a ramp .
A girl in a bikini wears a sign saying " free hugs " .
A girl in a blue bikini is wearing a cardboard sign around her neck .
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
a girl wears a sign that says " free hugs " .
Woman in blue bikini wearing a " free hugs " sign .
a large woman dances .
A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .
I woman in a red halter dances to guitar music .
The large dancer is slinging her hair around .
Woman flips her hair as she dances outdoors , band in background .
A boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool .
a boy jumps into the pool .
A boy splashes in a pool with his arms out to catch something .
a young boy jumping to catch something in a pool .
Boy reaches up while in pool .
A boy in blue and red trunks , with a green ball in his hand . is jumping into a pool .
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
A boy jumps into a pool while holding a ball .
boy in floral swim trunks jumps into the pool
Boy in red and blue flowered trunks jumps into pool holding green ball .
A blonde girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle .
A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline .
A woman looking at view of a city .
Blonde lady looks at Space Needle
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .
A black dog and a golden dog approaching one another
A black dog and tan dog run towards each other on a beach .
a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach .
Two dogs playing on a rocky beach .
Two dogs running on the sand .
A man in a large red truck .
A man in a red truck is staring out the driver-side window .
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .
A truck driver is looking out of the window of his purple truck .
The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity .
A woman in a hi-viz jacket is smiling at person carrying a stop sign in front of a crane .
a workers standing in the road holding a stop sign in front of another worker
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic .
Two construction workers holding signs interact on a street in front of a large truck .
Two flaggers chatting on a construction site .
A brown dog races on an obstacle course .
A dog jumping over hurdles .
A dog leaps over the bar .
A long-haired dog is jumping over horizontal poles .
The dog is jumping over a yellow and white fence on an obstacle course .
The two boys , one in orange the other in teal , wrestle in the sand .
Two boys are playing in the sand at a playground .
Two boys tussle in the sand at a park .
Two boys wrestle together in the sand .
Two young boys are wrestling in a sand pit .
A man fly fishes in a large river .
A man stands on the edge of the water and holds a fishing pole .
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters .
one lone fisherman with his line cast out into the river .
The man is fishing at the water 's edge .
A little blonde girl stands on a pink skateboard .
A young blonde girl tries to ride a skateboard .
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
Little girl in pink skateboard .
The young girl is standing on a skateboard .
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout .
A closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe .
A white dog in a brown collar drinking from a spigot .
A white puppy is drinking water from a tap attached to a white wall .
The dog is drinking water from a fountain .
A dog is running away in the grass
A dog running on grass .
A dog running through the grass .
a dog runs across the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A boy is riding on an orange body-board in the ocean .
A child is laying on a bodyboard in the ocean with a man 's head in the background .
A child rides an orange boogie board in the waves while an adult looks on from the water .
a lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background
People are swimming and floating in the ocean .
the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water .
Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water .
Three boys on an intertube in water
Three little boys on a float in a river .
Three people are in a body of water .
A climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above .
A person wearing a yellow helmet attempts to climb a rock .
A woman works hard to maintain a fingerhold as she climbs a rock face .
Man straining to climb cliff face .
The gal in the yellow hardhat is rock climbing up the steep rock .
a black dog about to jump into a lack to get a small ball .
a black dog gets ready to jump into the water .
A black dog is preparing to jump off a dock into the water to fetch a ball .
A black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball
A dog leans off the dock to fetch a ball in the water .
A big , furry , black dog is on a blue leash and is coming out of the water .
A black dog on a blue leash is walking in a stream .
A black dog on a leash walking in water
A wet black dog emerges from the water .
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water .
A boy jumps on a bed .
A kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material .
A little boy wearing white jumps on the bed .
A toddler in a white sports shorts set jumping on a bed
Child in white jumping on bed
A smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds .
A woman dressed in a Nike shirt and matching pants looks down at the ground .
A woman wearing a blue uniform stands and looks down .
The lady smiles on a clear day .
The woman is all dressed in blue and standing under a blue sky .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water , his leg thrust out .
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
A group of four women raft along a river .
a group of girls in a small blue and red boat with yellow oars
Four people in life jackets float on a raft .
Four people in orange vests in a blue inflatable boat with yellow paddles .
Kids rafting down the river .
A man is standing on an animal in the water .
A man is standing on an elephant lying in some water .
A man standing on a rock in a river with a spash next to him .
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water .
A man stands on top of a submerged elephant .
A boy in camouflage jacket notices several yellow ducks on display .
A little boy , in a camouflage jacket , looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks .
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks .
A young boy wearing army gear is picking up a rubber ducky in a market .
Small boy looking at a display of yellow rubber ducks .
A couple walking on a dirt road .
A man and women walk atop a hill .
Two people backlit with light sky .
Two people walk at sunset .
Two people walk on a path as the sun casts a shadow towards the camera .
A shadowy male looking at the far away hills .
A silhouette of a man over a mountaintop .
A silhouette of a man overlooking a large valley .
Silhouette of man in front of mountain landscape
The man is in silhouette while the mountain landscape is visible .
A bike rider sitting on his bike on the sidewalk .
A leather-clad man rides a bicycle down a street
A man dressed in a black vest , black hat , and sunglasses sits on a fancy bike on a city sidewalk .
A man is riding his bicycle down the sidewalk .
Man in punkish outfit rides unusual bike on city sidewalk .
A large woman carrying bags is standing outside of a shop .
A woman in purple walking past with a white bag in her hand , while an older man and woman are off to the side .
a woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag .
People standing on a sidewalk near shops .
Three people and a baby carriage in front of a store .
A brown furry dog is biting a no hair brown dog .
a brown hairy dog nibbles the ear of another dog that is baring its teeth .
A shaggy dog bites the cheek of a short-haired dog .
Two dogs are biting each other in the snow .
Two dogs are fighting in the snow .
A banner about a beauty parlor .
A billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street .
A dark haired man in white walks by a storefront under the sign for a beauty parlor .
A man walks under a sign advertising a beauty parlor affixed to a dilapidated building .
A man wearing white walks passed a shuttered building with an advertising banner over the door .
A group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path .
A group of people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
Group of horse riders travel through the woods .
Horseback riders file down a wooded path .
Several people are riding horses on a wooded trail .
a boy in a white shirt and jeans in what looks like a black camper
A child in a white shirt and jeans .
A little boy in a white shirt and jeans stands in an R.V.
A little boy stands in the doorway of a van .
A small boy in jeans and a white shirt holding a piece of paper in a black vehicle .
a black dog is emerging from a red tunnel .
A border collie is running out of a red tunnel obstacle .
A dog peeks out of a red play tunnel .
Dog in folding red tunnel on grass .
The black and white dog sprints through the red parachute tunnel on the grassy field .
A little blonde girl splashing in a mud puddle .
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big , sloppy area of mud !
A little girl with blonde hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle .
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle .
A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle
A shirtless man with a brown and white dog looking at a woman in jeans and a bikini top who is relaxing on a bench .
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench .
A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
A woman is sitting on a bench while talking to a shirtless man .
A woman with a hat is sitting on a skateboard which is on top of a bench and speaking with a shirtless man .
A little boy in a striped shirt going down a light and dark blue slide .
A little boy is sliding down a teal and blue slide .
A small boy is riding a water slide
Small boy holding is arm out to balance himself while he goes down the fairground slide .
Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide .
A brown and white dog plays with a ball in the dirt .
A brown dog is chasing after a soccer ball .
A brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball .
The dog runs towards the ball .
This brown and white dog is chasing a soccer ball .
A brown and white dog is standing on a beach with a tennis ball beside it .
A dog is on the beach near a ball .
a dog on the beach .
The brown dog is standing next to a ball on the beach .
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
Two children lay under a sculpture of a fish , about to swallow them .
Two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture .
Two children on their stomachs lay on the ground under a pipe .
Two children play beneath a metal statue .
Two young girls make faces from below a sculpture .
A group of older people are sitting outside under their marine-life-themed umbrella .
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade .
A group of people sit on an outdoor patio with lots of potted plants .
A group of people sitting in chairs in a circle having a conversation .
Several people are sitting around a table on a patio .
A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup .
Boy drinking , at backyard table full of bowls of food .
Child sitting at a backyard picnic table .
Little boy is drinking out of a glass at a picnic .
The boy drinks from a plastic glass while sitting at a table with food on it .
a boy holding an oar walk through the ocean .
a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach .
A boy is on the beach with a paddle in his hand as he walks through the ocean water .
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
A little boy walks with a paddle out into the sand .
A girl posing next to a big statue with a big nose .
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving .
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll .
A woman poses in front of a statue , while a man and another woman photograph her .
Woman in black shirt posing for pictures in front of statue .
The woman in yellow is throwing the football to the woman in brown .
Two girls playing catch on a lawn
Two girls throw a ball back and forth in their backyard .
Two girls throwing a football in their backyard .
Two women play catch in a yard .
a big black and white dog jumping in a body of water .
A brown dog is jumping into a pond .
A brown dog leaps over the water in a grassy and tree-lined yard .
A large brown dog is jumping into a pond .
The large brown dog jumps into a pond .
A girl in a pink hat is running past a green wheelbarrow .
A girl runs in front of a wheelbarrow .
A little girl wearing a hat , playing surrounded by a wheelbarrow with wood in the background and a building .
A little girl wearing a pink hat is running near some garden tools .
A young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard .
A close-up of a man and woman wearing hats with pins on them
A guy and a girl wearing baseball caps and black scarves around their necks .
A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo .
The girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap .
Two people sit side by side up against a tree .
A blonde woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away .
a girl in a blue hoodie is carrying a brown bag
A woman in patterned blue jeans and a green sweater walks away whilst carrying a brown plastic bag .
A woman walking , wearing a green shirt and jeans
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store .
A man is walking a dog on a leash down the street
A man walking his dog in a crosswalk .
a man walks his dog in the street .
The man in the denim outfit walks a black and tan dog on a crosswalk .
Young man walking dog
A brown dog with a pink collar with a heart on it playing with a bigger dog .
Big dog trying to bite little dog
Both the larger dog and the smaller dog have their mouths open .
Two brown dogs fighting each other .
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat .
A child hits a baseball .
A little boy batting with a red helmet on .
A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches
Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field .
A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes .
A campsite with tents and picnic tables .
A group of people camp in tents near some trees .
A woman at a campground .
People are camping in a group .
A boy and a girl are riding in a red seat on a fairground ride .
A girl and a boy enjoy a fast amusement ride .
A young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park .
Two children ride in a red seat on a fair ride and smile .
Two kids are on a fair ride and are slipping to one side of the car .
two brown and white dogs fighting over a Frisbee
Two dogs fighting over a Frisbee
Two dogs outside fighting over a red Frisbee .
Two dogs play with a Frisbee on the lawn .
Two dogs try to get the chewed-up red Frisbee from the other .
A person wearing a blue jacket , blue jacket and black earmuffs is holding up a newspaper .
A woman holding a newspaper .
A woman holds a newspaper that says " Real change " .
A woman with ear muffs holds a paper that says " real change " on the cover .
A woman in holding up a newspaper headline reading " Real Change . "
A lady in black clothing holds her baby in a red sling .
A woman in black holds a baby in an orange blanket .
A woman in black is standing on an urban sidewalk carrying a baby in an orange baby wrap .
A woman is standing in the street with a baby in a sling .
A woman wearing black standing on the sidewalk is holding a baby in an orange carrier .
A group of people wait in similar attire .
an asian girl wearing a red hat along side several others with red hats as well
A small group of Asian women wearing red head scarves and black shirts are shopping .
five Japanese ladies wear red bandanas
Several asian women wearing red cloths on their heads .
A black and brown dog chasing after a bull in a fenced , muddy area .
A bull runs from an aggressive dog behind him .
A dog chases a bull through a muddy pen .
A small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area .
The dog barks madly at the bull in the pen .
A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair .
A girl with a long , curly , red hair and green eyes .
A red-haired woman looks off-camera .
A red haired woman looks past the cameraman .
The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance .
A black haired woman in a white skirt and black boots is carrying a red bag and walking down the street .
A short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed up walks down the sidewalk with her back turned .
A woman in a skirt and boots with a red bag walking down the sidewalk .
A woman with a short , white skirt , black boots and a red bag walks away .
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd .
Two people are dressed in animal costumes and are walking down a street .
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd .
Two people dressed in animal costume outside of a building .
Two people in animal suits in a square .
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .
A boy is making the victory sign with both hands
A boy is standing on a grassy field with his arms raised while others are standing behind him .
A young boy poses in a grassy field as onlookers stand in the background .
People are standing in a field .
two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together
Two women in skirts walking across a street .
Two women ion skirts walk across a parking lot .
Two women , wearing skirts and carrying purses , cross street in urban area .
Two women with purses walk in an urban location .
A black and a brown dog are fighting .
The black dog and brown dog are wrestling in front of the fireplace .
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling .
Two dogs wrestling in front of a fireplace
Two dog wrestling .
A black dog finishes running down a blue and orange ramp .
A black dog has just run down a blue and red ramp on an obstacle course .
A dog and person doing an agility course .
a dog runs dog a ramp .
A dog runs down a ramp past its trainer .
A child playing on the monkey bars at a playground with an adult present .
a girl hangs on the bars .
A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground .
a young children hanging upside at the playground
girl hanging upside down on blue monkey bars
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail .
A collie is running through an obstacle course
Collie jumping over a training hurdle that is on the grass .
Collie making a jump over a yellow hurdle .
The dog is leaping over a hurdle .
A little girl in a pink hat is playing with a soccer ball .
A young girl is playing with a soccer ball in the grass .
Little girl with pink hat playing with a soccer ball .
The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball .
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area .
a little girl running in a field
A little girl walking on the green grass in front of a big stone .
A small child is in a grassy field near an old structure .
a small child running along the grass with a large pilar in the background
A young child walks on the grass away from a stone monument .
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide .
Two children holding hands going down a large inflatable slide .
Two girls slide down the air-filled slide .
Two kids slide down a giant inflatable slide .
Two little girls slide down an inflated slide .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain .
a girl takes a sip from the water fountain .
A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain .
The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain .
A man is holding three things on fire in front of a child 's playground .
A man is in a park with three fire sticks in his hand .
A man near a playground holding three sticks on fire .
Man holding torch of fire .
Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground .
A man is playing with a fire baton in the day light .
A man juggling fire .
A man stands near a playground .
Man throws flames outside .
The guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground .
A girl doing the splits in midair .
A girl is doing the splits in the air in front of some trees .
A woman grabbing her feet while jumping in front of trees .
A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree .
Jumping girl grabs her feet , plants in background .
A man in a helmet treads water .
A man wearing a helmet , floating in the water .
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water .
Mountain climber safely lands in the water .
The spelunker finds water during his trek .
A kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball .
Children chasing the ball in a soccer game .
Little boys running and chasing a soccer ball .
The boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball .
Two teams of children , one in red and the other in white , are playing soccer .
A man and young boy play on the monkey bars .
A man holding a young boy so he can cross the monkey bars at the playground .
A man in orange shorts holds a child up on play equipment .
A man lifts a child up to reach the bars at a playground .
A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground .
A dog plays with a soccer ball
A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it .
A dog with a blue collar plays ball outside .
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on his head in a grass field .
The dog , all belly , leaps in the air to catch a large ball .
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool .
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool .
Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
Child in kiddie pool splashes water , sticks out tongue .
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool .
A baby sits with a big sleeping dog .
A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog .
A little boy is petting a very large sleeping dog .
A little child is sitting next to a beige colored dog .
A young boy plays with a sleeping tan dog .
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand
A man holds the hands of a child standing in the water .
A toddler plays in water while an adult holds his arms .
Boy plays in fountain while man holds his hands .
the young boy in red jumpos in the puddle .
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts poses in front of a mountain .
A man in a grey t-shirt standing in front of a snow-covered mountain .
A man poses near a mountain .
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
A girl sliding down a pole
A small child with a ponytail dressed in jean shorts and a pink and brown shirt climbs on a pole near wooden playground equipment .
A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment .
A young girl slides down a bar in a play structure .
A young girl sliding down a black pole .
A girl blows a whistle .
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle .
A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle .
A small girl blows a whistle .
A young girl in a yellow flowered sundress holds something in her right hand to her mouth .
A bearded man in white clothes is sitting on a long bench .
A man dressed in white sitting on a bench .
A man in a white outfit on a bench
A man wearing white sits on a wooden bench against a white wall .
an middle eastern man in a white robe is sitting on a wooden bench with his shoes off .
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt .
Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window .
Two girls are standing outside of build-a-bear .
Two little girls in front of the Build a Bear workshop .
Two young girls play together in a mall .
A male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains .
A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains .
A man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop .
A man sits on a rock near mountains .
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background .
a man enjoying the view from top of a mountain
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the side of a mountain wearing a backpack .
A man in grey on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .
A man sits on a cliff and looks out over another mountain .
one man wearing a grey shirt and a backpack with snowy mountains in the backgroud
A firetruck stops and makes a call at a bridge , where a man and his dogs are running .
A firetruck with ladder extended on the side of the road .
A jogger with a dog approaches a ladder truck .
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
A man walks on a sidewalk and a firetruck is nearby .
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench .
An older couple jogging by the water
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .
Two people wearing blue are jogging on a sidewalk in front of a lake with mountains in the backround .
Two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake . with another person
a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
A boy slides through a tube .
A smiling child slides down a slippery tube slide
A young boy wearing a red coat is playing in a long tunnel .
Smiling boy in tube , extending had toward camera .
A boy kicks a ball in his living room .
A boy kicks a blue ball in a room .
A child kicks a ball into the air .
A child standing on one foot and surrounded by toys .
A little boy is kicking a blue ball on the carpet surrounded by toys .
Two dogs run in a field looking at an unseen Frisbee .
Two black and white dogs in a field of flowers and grass .
Two black and white dogs look toward something in the air while running in a grassy field .
two black and white dogs running in a flowery field
Two dogs change direction in an uncut field surrounded by low brush .
Twin girls in orange shirts and green pants are jumping .
Twins in orange shirts jumping on a trampoline .
Two girls with orange shirts .
Two identically dressed young children jump outside .
Two young twin girls in matching green and orange outfits jump in the air .
A little boy in a red shirt plays with a park telescope while a girl in a pink skirt watches .
A little boy plays with a telescope in a park while a little girl watches .
A little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches .
A young boy uses a water gun as a young girl watches
The boy in a red shirt plays with the telescope as a girl in a pink dress watches .
A chubby or buff kid in shorts is holding on to weights .
A small boy is holding some weights .
A young boy with no shirt and white shorts .
Boy in shorts holding a remote .
The little boy is wearing white shorts .
A hippie girl is dancing in front of a band while carrying a bottle of water
A woman dancing with a bottle of water to the band playing behind her .
A woman wearing a halter top dancing in front of a band .
A woman with a strapless top is dancing to guitar music and holding a water bottle .
A young woman with a water bottle , near a guitarist .
A couple in the front are dancing among a group of people .
A couple with bright hair embracing near a crowd of others .
A group of people is gathered in front of fountains while a couple wearing leather outfits are in an embrace .
A group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain .
Two women in black embrace at crowded outdoor event .
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it .
A man dressed in black leather with a red bandanna is smiling at the camera .
A man wearing a leather jacket .
a man wearing a red headband and a leather outfit standing outside .
A man with a beard , red headband , and leather vest smiles .
A lady waiting .
an asian woman stands with her messanger bag .
A woman looking away from the camera , and another woman standing next to a wall and by a fence .
A woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall .
Women wait on a sidewalk .
Children are jumping up and down inside a caged trampoline beside a building .
four children are playing on a trampoline .
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline .
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors .
Young girls jump on an outdoor trampoline .
A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing .
A girl on a swing in the park .
A girl plays on the swing .
A girl sings on the swing set in the park , behind the leaves of the tree .
A little girl on a swing .
A blond man with big blue eyes is smiling
A man in a green scarf is bearing his teeth .
A man making a funny face towards the camera using wide eyes and a large smile .
A man with red hair grins .
A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera .
The women sit outside on the steps reading and drinking .
Two girls sit by a doorway on the steps .
Two women in period dress sitting in a doorway .
Two women in traditional European dress sit on a stoop , one drinking , the other reading .
Two women with white head garb and long dresses sitting in front of a door on steps reading and drinking a beverage .
A rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
A woman climbing a rock cliff .
A woman in jeans rock climbing .
The woman is holding onto a huge rock and has red string around her .
Woman goes rock climbing .
A backpacker in the mountains using his hiking stick to point at a glacier .
A backpacker points to the snow-capped mountains as he stands on a rocky plain .
A hiker is pointing towards the mountains .
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
A man with a green pack using his pole to point to snowcapped mountains .
A group of people hiking through ice .
Four mountaineers are walking on a trail under the moon that is visible in the blue sky .
Four people maneuvering over a snowy , rocky terrain .
People on a snowy hill .
Several people are standing on top of a snowy , rocky hill with the moon in the sky .
A child in yellow overalls is walking over packed dirt .
A child without a shirt running in the dirt .
A little boy in overalls runs fast on a dirt trail .
A small child in overalls running .
A toddler is running down the path with an orange toy in his hand .
A child in a red jacket , sitting atop a slide .
A toddler in tan pants and a red hoddie on a slide .
Small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind .
The little boy has a red coat on as he plays outside .
The little boy in the red coat and tan pants is at the top of the slide , holding on to the handles of the slide .
A man dressing in a black shirt is waiting to cross the street with traffic .
A man standing in a crosswalk
A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
An asian man tries to jaywalk on a street with heavy traffic .
Man waits for taxis to pass before crossing the wet road .
A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans is doing a flip on his bike .
A person flipping a bicycle upside down .
a person flips on a bike .
A person in a red shirt doing tricks on a bicycle .
A person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field .
A climber traverses a rope ladder between cliffs .
a long woman wearing a white helment crossing a chain linked bridge
A man is crossing a mountain pass on a metal bridge .
A woman is walking across a step ladder bridge between two mountains .
A woman traverses a wire bridge across a rocky canyon .
A woman in a black jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street .
A woman in a dark jacket and black and white skirt walks down the street .
A woman wearing black and white crossing a road .
a woman with a bag around her standing in the street
woman in black and sunglasses standing in road
A group exercise session at the beach .
A group of people are doing aerobics in the ocean .
A woman is leading an exercise group on the seashore .
many people exercising in the ocean
The ladies do water aerobics on the beach .
A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain .
A man holding a cup on a snow mountain .
A man in a yellow suit is holding up a cup while standing in snow .
A mountain climber stops for a drink .
A mountaineer in a yellow jacket is drinking from a thermos cup .
A man at the top of a mountain with a beautiful view in the background
A man is sitting on a snowbank .
A man on a snowy peak .
A person in red snow gear is kneeling on a snowy ridge under a blue sky .
mountain climber in a red suit poses on snowy peak with mountains in the background
The children play in the pool .
Two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool .
Two children playing in a swimming pool .
Two children play in the water of an above-ground pool .
Two little girls playing in the pool .
A boy that is wearing a brown hat and shoes that have red soles is on a swing in a park .
A boy with closed eyes , wearing a hat , on a swing .
a boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing .
A little kid plays on the swing at the playground .
a young girl swings on a swing .
A bearded man in jeans and a black shirt riding a bicycle in the street .
A man with a giant white beard rides a bicycle next to a bus .
A white-bearded man rides a bike next to a city bus .
Man with white flowing beard in jeans and t-shirt riding a bike .
The man with a white beard rides a bike near a bus .
A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard .
A dog runs for a tennis ball in a backyard with a tile courtyard .
A grey dog runs in a backyard terrace .
A white dog running in the backyard .
Grey dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard .
A girl jumping in a puddle .
A small girl jumps in a puddle .
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .
Little girl jumping in water puddle
Young girl in red skirt jumping in water on a flooded street .
Two boys and a ball
Two boys are playing with a soccer ball on a sports field .
Two boys run after a soccer ball on a field .
Two children play soccer on green grass .
Two little boys playing soccer on a field .
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball .
Boys are playing soccer .
The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team .
Two boys soccer teams play , one boy goes after the ball .
Two teams of boys playing soccer .
A man dressed in green with a blue backpack takes photos while sitting on a rocky surface .
A man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks .
A man is trying to photograph a rocky outcropping .
A man with a backpack climbs over many rocks .
Man with outdoor gear taking a picture .
A bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge .
A man dressed in warm clothes stands before a bridge that traverses a river .
A man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river .
The man is walking outside near a rocky river .
There is a man with a moustache , cap and backpack standing by a bridge that running crosses water .
A city street has three people walking in different directions .
A man stands by a building while others are nearby .
Men walk down a street with skyscrapers in the background .
The buildings are brown and the sky is blue .
Three men on a city street with the shot taken up and out toward the buildings .
A man and a woman sitting on a bench
An older couple is resting on a bench .
An older man and woman sitting on a cement bench with frowns on their faces .
An older woman and an old man sitting down looking unhappy .
An overweight woman and man have upset faces as they sit on a bench .
A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool .
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
A girl plays in a small pool .
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool .
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball .
There is a dog with a Frisbee and a dog jumping up to get a ball in the green grass .
Two dogs jump for the same tennis ball as a dog runs with a Frisbee in the background
Two dogs jumping for a ball , with a third carrying a Frisbee .
Two dogs reach for a yellow Frisbee as it flies through the air .
A boy is leading donkeys on a path .
A man and two pack mules walk across a field in front of a mountain .
A man is walking in a field behind two donkeys .
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A person in a blue jacket follows two donkeys along a mountain trail .
a lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background .
A man is standing looking at the path ahead while hiking in a mountain range .
A man on top of a mountain looks at the mountains surrounding him .
A person with a backpack stands on a snowy mountain .
Sole mountain climber stands atop snowy peak looking left
A girl hanging on to the rings of a jungle gym .
A girl is hanging from metal rings .
a girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops .
A young girl reaches for playground rings with determination in her eyes .
The girl is playing on a swing set with rings .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
A man shows a fish to a child .
A man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest .
Older man showing fish to young child .
The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat .
A child in a white shirt and brown pants is walking through an uncut field .
A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass .
A small boy with braids runs through a field of tall green grass .
A young child runs through a large field of grass .
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day .
A girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym .
A girl hanging upside-down with a house in the background .
A girl hangs upside down on a swing set at a park .
A girl in a green shirt hangs upside down from playgroud equiment .
A girl in a green shirt is hanging upside down .
A man wearing red shorts dribbles a basketball behind him .
A man with no shirt plays basketball .
An athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move .
A shirtless man in red shorts bouncing a basketball on a court .
Man in red shorts bouncing a basketball .
girls with baseball gloves walking across a baseball field
A woman in camouflage and her hair up in a ponytail walks on the field with a black softball glove on one hand .
A woman playing baseball walks back to her base while her feamle teammate follows .
A woman with a glove on a baseball field with another woman
The girls return to the field during their softball game .
A brown and a brown dog are running .
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two dogs running over packed dirt and rocks
Two dogs run through mud .
Two large dogs run along a muddy path .
A group of girls in pink formal gowns stand in a line in front of a crowd .
Ladies wearing pink dresses and heels looking towards other people .
Six females in formal attire stand as onlookers .
Six women in pink silk dresses stand in a line with their backs to the camera .
Six women wearing matchin pink dresses in front of a crowd
A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain .
Children are being splashed with water .
Children are playing outside in a fountain .
Five children are being sprayed by a water fountain
four children are playing in a water fountain .
A man and two boys standing in spraying water .
A shirtless male looks to his right while water flows over him .
Two boys in swimsuits standing under running water .
Two boys playing in water .
Young boys enjoying a spray of water .
A few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop .
A group of climbers rest on a summit that overlooks another mountain range .
A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit .
A group of people sitting on top of rocks with snow covered mountains on both sides of them .
People are sitting on a snowy mountain .
A hiker in a tent on a mountain .
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
A man sits in his tent on a mountain .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
Someone is peaking out of a dome tent pitched near a snowy mountain .
A black dog is poised to catch a Frisbee .
A brown dog runs after a red Frisbee .
a dog in the foggy distance catching a Frisbee
A dog runs through grass , while a Frisbee flies through the air .
Animal running after Frisbee in field .
A group of children stand in the savanah , animals in the background .
A little girl in bright yellow with a group of kids .
Children are walking along a dirt path .
Many children walk together on a dirt path .
Several young children standing in the sun .
a black and white dog jumping in the air surrounded by snow
Black and white dog jumping up in the snow .
Dog jumping in the snow near a tree .
Shaggy little dog jumps in the snow .
The white and black dog leaped into the air and off the snowy ground .
Four boys are in the living room talking .
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts .
several young boys looking into a computer monitor
Three boys look at a laptop computer while a four talks on the phone .
three boys stand by a computer .
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands .
A girl raises her hands up in a crowd of people .
A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing .
A young boy dances in a crowd .
Crowd of people outside with child in center with hands raised .
A boy has his swear gear on .
a boy with floatlys gets ready to jump in the pool .
a young boy wearing red floaties about to jump into a pool
The little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties .
The little child is wearing red arm floaties .
A child is jumping into a swimming pool .
A little boy in black shorts jumps into a backyard pool next to a yellow stucco house .
A little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background .
The boy jumps into the blue pool .
Young child in midair descending into pool .
The hikers take a tandem leap while crossing the bridge .
two guys jumping up while crossing a bridge
Two men are jumping in the air whilst crossing a wooden bridge .
Two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains .
Two young men jump on a bridge .
A blond boy wearing water wings bends down at the beach .
A blond haired child with blue and red floaties playing in the ocean .
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .
Boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach .
Small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach .
A smiling woman holds two small children .
A woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass .
A woman is holding two children while sitting on the grass .
A woman is sitting on the grass and holding two children .
A woman wearing jeans and brown flip flops holding two blonde hair toddler girls wearing pink shorts and shoes .
A girl is skipping across the road in front of a white truck .
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot .
A girls skips rope in a parking lot .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A young black girl jumpropes through a parking lot .
A girl is in a parking lot jumping rope .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A little girl jumps rope through a parking lot
A young girl jumps rope in a parking lot in the mid-day sun .
Girl jumping rope in parking lot
A human figure stands on the peak of a snowy mountain .
A man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance .
A man is standing on rocks looking towards the mountains .
a man stands on top of a mountain .
Man standing at the top of a mountain at dusk .
A hiker is climbing up a very steep mountain .
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain .
A man hikes up a huge mountain .
Hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain .
The man is hiking up a grassy mountainside .
A hiker treks up the snowy mountain .
A man climbing a snowy mountain .
A man skiing in the mountains
A mountaineer is ascending a snow covered trail whilst attached to a rope .
A person in a blue hat climbing up a snow covered mountain .
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset .
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sunset .
A man 's sillouhette at sunset .
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
A man stands on a hill at dusk .
Two brown dogs are playing with a red ball .
Two brown dogs fight over a red ball while playing in the grass .
Two brown dogs run over the grass carrying a red toy .
Two daschunds play with a red ball
Two little wiener dogs are running on the grass carrying a red ball between them .
A curly haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar .
One brown dog is bearing its teeth at another brown dog with a green collar in a park .
Two brown dogs playing .
Two dogs , one with its mouth open .
Two golden dogs playing with one another
A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd .
A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top .
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd .
A woman with green hair is hula hooping .
The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop .
A boy plays on a green swing .
A small boy in a swing .
A small child smiles while swinging inside a green playground toy .
A young boy smiles as he rides the swing .
a young child swinging on a green swing .
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well .
A white dog is trying to play with a brown dog .
A white spotted dog plays with a brown dog on the green grass .
Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well .
Two dogs wrestling on a green lawn .
A girl in a purple shirt feeding ducks
A girl wearing purple lean over the edge to reach for the ducks .
A little girl dressed in a pink shirt , blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water .
A little girl leans over the side of a wall to feed ducks in the water .
Little girl feeds the ducks .
A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A boy wearing a helmet on a bicycle in a wooded area .
A boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods .
A child is posing on his mountain bike , and wearing a helmet .
Helmeted boy bicyclist on path in the woods .
Two girls play outside with chalk .
Two little girls are sitting on pavement playing a game with candy .
Two little girls play with sidewalk chalk .
Two little girls sit in front of the flower garden , playing with chalk .
two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
A dog is running through a lake towards some trees .
A dog running into a pond to fetch something .
A dog swimming in a pond .
An animal is attempting to cross the river .
An unknown animal or person is swimming in a natural lake setting .
A girl climbing a tree .
A little blond girl with a pink coat hides in a tree .
A little blond haired girls peers at the camera through the leaves on the tree that she sits on .
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree .
The young girl happily plays in the tree .
A civil war reenactment with cannon teams firing cannons .
A Group of men firing an old fashion cannon .
A recreation of some battle .
sveral men participating in a civil war reenactment
War reenactors fire a cannon .
A child holding up a sign with a skull and crossbones .
A child wearing a pirates costume holds up a skull and crossbones sign .
A little boy dressed as a pirate holding up a skull and crossbones 's flag
A little boy dressed as a pirate is holding up the skull pirate flag .
A young boy dressed like a pirate is holding a sign with a skull and crossbones on it .
A dancer in a dancing pose on the street , audience in the backgound .
A female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd .
A woman in a tank top and capri pants costume taking a bow in the street .
A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade .
Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey .
A dark haired woman in black and gold walking through a street festival .
A possible woman dressed as a belly dancer holds out a cloth with beads on it .
A woman in a parade is wearing a black sequined costume .
A woman is wearing black with gold sequins and spangles .
A woman with black hair and a weird outfit on .
A person in a dress and a pink feathered hat rides a unicycle in a parade .
A person is riding a unicycle on the street with many other people around .
a person wearing a black and pink outfit and hat riding atop a unicycle down the street .
A woman wearing black and pink and large , feathered hat rides a bike in a parade .
A woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd .
A black policeman is smiling at a larger woman
A policeman grins at a woman wearing beads on a crowded street
A policeman hugging a woman on the street .
A police officer has his arm around a woman on the street .
A woman chats with a smiling police officer .
A group of people gathering around a bag of groceries .
Children look at a statue of a woman carrying a grocery bag .
Children standing next to the statue of an old woman holding full paper bags .
Kids looking in an old woman 's grocery paper bag .
The woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it .
A girl is running towards a field of tall flowers .
A woman in tight jeans and a long-sleeved top in front of a line of yellow flowers and a slightly cloudy skyline .
A woman with long hair walking through a meadow
Girl walking in field with yellow flowers
Woman with long hair walking in a field of grass and goldenrod .
One girl is hugging another girl in front of an American flag .
Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag .
two girls in front of large american flag
Two young girls are hugging in front of an american flag .
Two young girls hug in front of the American flag
A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
A woman posing near a cliff
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
A woman stands on a mountain overlooking a rolling field of trees underneath a blue sky .
The person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley .
A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head .
A smiling blonde girl with a red striped shirt is sitting in a chair at a table with a white porcelain bowl on her head .
A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head .
A young girl in a striped shirt wears a bowl on her head .
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball .
A dog jumping high into the air in the country .
A dog jumping in the shade of trees .
A dog jumps high , with its mouth open .
A child in a green hat swings on monkey bars at a blue playground .
A child playing on a playground play set .
A child swinging on a playground play set .
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
Kids playing at a park jungle gym .
A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere .
A child is splashing in the surf .
A girl plays on the shore at the beach .
A girl splashing in a wave at the beach .
A young child is splashed by the ocean 's waves while she plays on the beach .
A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches .
A man jumping off of rocks into a pool of water .
One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water , while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water .
Two males on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
Two males on a rock over water , one in midair jumping into the water .
A group of little girls perform a recital onstage dressed in all white .
Eleven girls in white tutus stand and pose onstage .
Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance
The little ballerinas are all wearing white bows , dresses and leggings .
Young girl ballerinas in white tutus on a stage .
A boy in a black shirt has thrown a snowball that has left a trail of snow behind it in the air .
A boy in dark clothing near a fountain water spout .
A boy is sprayed by water .
A boy throws an object in front of a glass building .
A young man dances by a fountain .
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off .
A brown dog and a black and white dog stand beside a hole in the dirt .
A three legged black and white dog running behind a brown dog with a red bandanna .
Two dogs are shaking themselves dry on the path next to the water .
Two dogs are shaking water off .
A large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk .
A woman in a blue dress , a cowboy hat , and a pink boa walks down the street .
A woman in a pink scarf walking down the street .
A woman with a pink boa walks down a sidewalk .
The woman has a pink , feathery scarf .
Three fishers walk over rocks toward water , lake and cloudy sky in background .
Three people are standing on rocks near a body of water .
Three people are walking on rocks towards a lake .
Three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water .
Three people walking along rocks , going to go fish
A pink ball is being held up before three dogs on a beach .
Three dogs look as a human holds a pink ball on the beach .
three dogs on a beach looking at a red ball in someones hand
Three dogs stare at a red ball at the beach .
Three dogs stare curiously at a chewed up toy
Two grocery store employees talk at a checkstand .
Two people are working at a coffee shop
Two workers at a grocery store .
Two workers at a grocery store observing something out of camera range .
Two workers in a store are wearing aprons .
The two boys are playing with fake swords .
Two boys fighting with rattan sticks shaped like swords , one standing the other kneeling .
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods .
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard .
Two young boys are swinging stick swords at each other in the grass .
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
A motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers .
A person in a red , white and blue jumpsuit flying through the air on a yellow motorcycle .
A person in midair on a yellow motorcycle .
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump .
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market .
A man on a bike is seen among a crowd of people at an outdoor event .
A man rides a very small bicycle in a small town fair .
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
many people at a gathering .
A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide .
A little girl on a blue slide at a playground .
A small girl wearing a white and multi-print dress sitting at the bottom of a slide .
A young girl is at the bottom of a slide .
The girl in the white dress is going down the blue slide
A man and a big , brown dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy outside .
A man and a dog are playing tug of war .
A man and a dog tussle over a toy in a grassy yard .
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope .
A man playing with his dog .
a brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock .
Two brown and white dogs , one a boxer and the other a terrier , play on a rock covered hill with a blue sky and powdery clouds in the background .
Two brown and white dogs run on rocks , sky in background .
Two dogs are running along a rocky hill .
Two dogs run next to each other across rough terrain .
A girl in a tree .
A girl in a tree smiles .
A little brown haired girl up in a tree .
The smiling girl has climbed a tree .
Young girl with long , dark hair , in a tree .
A big dog sniffs a little dog .
A dog sits back on his hind legs and another dog stoops down .
A large black and white dog is licking a smaller white and black dog who is growling .
A smaller puppy playfully nips at a larger dog .
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside .
A girl prepares herself for the swim meet .
A young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits .
A young swimmer sits in a bathing suit and waits for the next race .
Kid sits wearing swim gear .
Young girl in a competitive swimming outfit .
A close shot of a young swimmer sitting on the edge of a pool in front of others .
A swimmer with goggles on looking towards something out of view .
A young girl dressed in swimwear and goggles
A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete .
The swimmer is wearing goggles and looking into the distance .
A girl in a bathing suit , swim cap and goggles .
a girl wearing a swim cap and goggles on her head at a swim meet
A young female wearing a swimsuit , goggles , and swimming cap looking in front of her with an open mouth .
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head .
A young girl sitting in swimming gear
A baby is in an activity chair in a child 's playroom .
A baby is in an bouncy seat with toys surrounding him .
A baby playing in a toy
a smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys .
Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine airplane mobile and other toys on the floor
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .
a small shaggy dog plays with a red ball on the grass .
A Yorkie trying to catch a red toy .
little dog is jumping up to catch a red ball in its mouth .
The dog jumps up to catch the red ball .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
A little dog is looking at a red ball .
a little furry dog playing with a red ball in a forest
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
This tiny dog is about to jump in the air to catch a red ball .
A little dog is attempting to catch a red ball .
A small black and brown long haired dog prepares to catch a red ball in the grass .
A small dog is about to catch a red ball while in the grass .
A small dog tries to catch a red ball .
Dog catching red ball in a field .
A brown and black dog running to fetch a red ball .
A dog and a red ball in the air .
A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes .
A small dog plays on the green grass .
A small dog runs after a red ball , though a leafy outdoor area .
A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch .
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
The boy is bouncing on the red couch .
The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick .
A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery .
A baby in a bouncy seat and a standing boy surrounded by toys .
A baby in a walker and an older child nearby .
A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking .
Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .
A girl is stretched out in shallow water
A girl wearing a red and multi-colored bikini is laying on her back in shallow water .
A little girl in a red swimsuit is laying on her back in shallow water .
A young girl is lying in the sand , while ocean water is surrounding her .
Girl wearing a bikini lying on her back in a shallow pool of clear blue water .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A black dog jumps for a Frisbee in a backyard with a white fence .
A dog catches a flying disk in a yard with a tree .
A jumping dog in motion .
A boy in a green wetsuit takes his turn in a water sprinkler and a group of others wait .
A group of children play in a sprinkler outside .
Children are taking turns running through a water sprinkler .
Several kids run and play in the sprinklers .
The boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy .
A child does a handstand in a pool .
A child stands upside down in a pool .
A child that is doing a handstand in the swimming pool has her legs sticking out of the water .
A woman is diving into a swimming pool .
A young girl is doing a handstand in a pool .
A small black dog is playing tug of war with a large brown dog wearing a yellow triangle .
A small dog playing tug with a larger dog
Two dogs , one bigger than the other , are playing tug of war .
Two dogs play tug of war .
Two dogs tug at the same item while wearing training gear .
Two black dogs are bearing their teeth beside a white couch .
Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa .
Two black dogs fight with each other , with their teeth bared , in a plush carpeted room .
Two black dogs play or fight together .
Two large black dogs are snarling at each other .
A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room .
A figure in blue robes walks around in a hotel lobby .
A person dressed in a blue hooded cloak with several people in the background .
A person in a scary gray robe .
The man dressed in a blue wizard 's outfit is walking through a building .
A boy holding a cookie and wearing a red hat is looking at the camera .
a boy in a red baseball cap eats a Ritz cracker and has a big pink cup of juice
A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand .
A small boy with a red ball cap holding a cracker with a pink cup nearby .
The small boy in the red hat has a cracker .
A family waits next to some portable toilets in the city .
A few people standing around five orange port-a-potties which are placed in the middle of a city .
People near 5 orange outdoor toilets in a city
People standing by a row of orange portable toilets .
Some people stand by a group of 5 orange portable bathrooms .
A black dog is happily running through the grass .
A black dog running toward the camera .
a black dog runs with its tongue out .
A dark dog with its tongue hanging out runs through the grass .
A dog plays in the grass .
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water .
A dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching .
A tan dog leaps into the water .
Dog leaps into pool marked for distance , man and woman watch in background .
Two people watch a dog run along a blue cloth with numbers on it .
A brown dog is running through a brown field .
A brown dog is running through the field .
A brown dog with a collar runs in the dead grass with his tongue hanging out to the side .
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A dog running in the grass .
A boy in a red hooded-coat is riding a pool broom like a horse in an empty pool .
a little boy wearing a raincoat plays with a mop .
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse .
Boy in raincoat straddle stick outside .
The child in raingear is dragging a broom through a puddle .
A closeup of a brown dog in front of a building .
A dog in the grass in front of a building .
A dog lies in the grass next to a mansion .
A little dog on a field in front of a building ; taken from the dog 's perspective .
A small brown dog stands in the grass next to an ornate building .
A boy does a flip while another boy stands on the Matt .
A boy standing on a red mat with a person upside down in the background .
A child does a flip behind a small boy .
A young boy is standing near another doing a back flip .
Two kids playing on mats .
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella .
A man balances a ball on top of an umbrella .
A man balances a ball with a pink umbrella while people watch .
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street .
A man is balancing a red ball on top of a pink umbrella in a city street .
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed .
A kid with a broken arm asleep in his bed
Child in blue shirt with eye closed and left arm wrapped with ace bandage and propped on a white pillow .
A group of people are sitting around a campfire at night .
A group of people sitting on the grass by a fire at nighttime .
A group of young people are sitting around a fire pit .
Friends enjoy a campfire .
Several people sitting around a campfire
A group of people stand at the edge of a cliff over the ocean .
A group of three boy scouts rest on a bluff overlooking the ocean .
Three men stand on a cliff overlooking a lake .
Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean .
Two men are sitting on a rock near the ocean with another man standing nearby .
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak .
A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe .
A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks .
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak .
Man prepares to take a kayak ride .
A black and brown dog running across the grass .
A black and brown dog runs in the grass while hanging its tongue out .
A black dog runs on green grass towards the camera .
a brown and black dog on the grass
The German shepherd runs happily in the park .
Three climbers on rocks near waterfall .
Three men climb a natural waterfall rock face .
Three men in matching outfits climb a rock wall next to a waterfall .
Three people are climbing rocks near a small waterfall .
Three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall .
A young child raises her arms while jumping on a yellow blow-up toy .
Child in light colored clothing standing with arms extended outward .
Children jump in bouncy gym .
Two girls playing inside a jumper house .
Two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house .
A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady .
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult 's lap .
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
A woman is holding onto a baby wearing who is wearing sunglasses .
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held .
A woman watching two kids playing at a pool .
a young girl jumping into a pool while another stands on the side with an innertube .
A young girl jumps feet first into a swimming pool while another little girl and woman watch .
Two little girls play at their family 's backyard swimming pool while a woman looks on .
Two little girls play by a hotel pool .
A black dog stands on a rock , green fields behind him .
A black dog with white paws is climbing over a rock .
A black dog with white paws stands on a large rock in a field .
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field .
The black dog is climbing on a rock .
A child in a straw hat stands on stones at a beach .
A kid wearing a hat and wet pants stands on a rock at the beach .
A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water .
Child wearing a hat steps on rocks on shore , water in background .
Lady with straw hat covering face and head standing on a rock in front of the ocean wearing red sandals .
A boy in a swimming pool .
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .
A little boy in a swimming pool .
A young boy with a necklace on in the water .
A man crouches down to take a picture .
A man crouching and holding a camera .
A man is squatting in brush to take a photograph .
The cameraman is squatting among the rocks with his viewfinder to his eye .
This man is in camouflage clothing , in a wilderness area , aiming a camera .
A little girl plays with the tire swing at the playground .
A young girl at a park is jumping off a tire swing while it is swinging into the air .
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
Girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing
Little girl in red dress plays on outdoor tire swing .
A kite surfer is doing a flip over the waves .
a man jumps over a wave on his surfboard .
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave .
A silver craft rides the waves .
A windsurfer angles over a wave .
A boy jumping in the air on the beach .
A boy with swimming trunks and goggles jumping on the sand by the beach
A kid with sunglasses in jumping on the beach .
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach .
Boy in swim trunks jumping on beach
An adult and three children walk along the beach .
A woman and three children walk on the beach in a line .
A woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her .
A woman walks along the beach as three children follow her in a line .
The boys follow their mother on the beach .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two small white dogs playing on short grass .
Two white dogs are playing on the grass .
two white dogs play in the grass .
Two white dogs play on the green grass .
A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth .
A wet brown dog is playing with a white ball .
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball .
a wet dog chasing a white ball
The wet dog leaped toward the basketball .
a group of children from many races are standing in the fountain of a busy plaza .
Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground .
Children running through fountains of water in the midst of crowd .
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people .
Several children are playing in water fountains .
A group of children run a footrace in the snow .
A group of young boys race on a snowy day .
School kids racing in the snow .
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
The young runners are racing through the snow .
A dog has jumped in the air to catch a tennis ball .
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball .
A small brown dog jumps and catches a tennis ball
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
Small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth indoors .
A man in a wetsuit with a surfboard walks along a beach
A person in a wetsuit is carrying a surfboard into the ocean .
A Person with white and black suit board waking into the waves .
A surfer in a black wetsuit carrying a surfboard into the waves .
a surfer in a dark wet-suit carries a white surfboard towards the ocean .
A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints .
A naked baby and toddler on the floor covered in paint , the toddler putting her hands on the baby 's head .
A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint .
A naked toddler is covering a naked baby with paint .
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint .
A girl in an orange tank top stands outside a cafe .
a girl standing outside of a clothing shop
A woman stands near chairs and tables , outside a store .
A woman stands outside near a dress shop .
There is a sidewalk with a rack of dresses and a girl in jeans and a red shirt .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A brown and white dog is walking through a grassy field .
A brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out .
A closeup of a brown dog with his tongue out .
A puppy plays in a field .
A man is sitting by a large plant waiting to shine a customer 's shoes .
A man sites on a bench waiting to shoe shine .
A shoe-shine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat .
a shoe shiner waits for customers .
A shoe shiner waits for customers .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn .
A child at a party swings a bat at a pinata , encouraged by a father .
A little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat .
A little boy in a red shirt is swinging at a pinata .
A little boy in orange hit the pinata as a man stands behind him .
The small boy in an orange shirt gets some help from an adult while swinging at a pinata .
A boy stands in the road wearing a big red hat .
A boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road .
A little child stands in the middle of the street wearing a large red hat while people sit on the grass .
A small boy wearing a red hat is standing in a street .
A small child with a funny red hat stands in the road .
A boy waves around a sparkler .
A child in a red shirt plays with fireworks .
A child spins a sparkler leaving a light trail .
A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard .
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wine glasses
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
A woman in uniform rests against a bar .
a woman stands alone in the restaurant
The waitress in standing in front of the bar at a restaurant .
A dog coming out of a large yellow tube .
A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn .
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass .
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube .
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course .
A young girl has on rollerblades and looks ready to give it a try .
A young girl on Rollerblades .
A young girl with rollerblades and green foliage in the background .
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades .
The young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes .
A little white dog runs out of a yellow tube while a man runs along clapping .
A small dog runs through an obstacle course .
A small white dog runs .
Little dog running through an obstacle course .
Small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube .
A brown dog with very floppy ears runs through a field of emerald grass .
A fluffy dog in grass .
A spaniel runs through the grass .
Brown and white dog runs at camera over grass .
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass .
a boy holds two sparklers .
A boy plays with sparklers at night .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
A little boy holds fire sprinklers out in front of him .
A small boy holding two fireworks sparklers .
A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate .
A man stands outside of a doorway on his cellphone .
A man wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by green bars , and his holding a cellphone up to his right ear .
Man in white shirt talking on phone
Man is talking on mobile , standing in a doorway .
A boy runs near some steps .
A little boy is running on some concrete steps .
A young boy in a green shirt and green sweat pants running on a concrete floor .
A young boy runs down a cement stairway .
The small boy is running and smiling .
A boy being pulled on a shovel .
A happy child play in the scoop of a shovel by a chair in a grassy backyard .
A little boy in red flowered shorts is sitting on a shovel .
A little boy smiling and riding in a shovel .
Small boy in red shorts with blue flowers sitting on shovel in the grass near a tan chair .
A girl wets her head in a white bucket .
A little girl dips her hair into a bucket filled with water .
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water .
A little girl in a dress lifts her soaked head from a bucket .
a young girl lifting her wet hair out of a white bucket
A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashing water on a woman 's legs .
A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl .
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
The laughing boy holds a water bottle while a lady with wet pants walks nearby .
A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch .
A child surrounded by adults in lawn chairs being splashed out of a bottle of water .
A group of older women watch a little boy laugh as he gets squirted with water outside .
a young boy smiling with people looking in his direction and a bottle to his left
The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade .
An adult and a child hold hands as they walk up a grassy hill .
A woman and child are holding hands walking up a grassy hill on a fair day .
A woman and child walking uphill
A woman and young girl climbing a grassy hill .
A woman with her sweatshirt tied around her waist holding hands with a young girl in a green shirt as they walk up a grassy hill .
A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball .
A dog is staring at a red ball coming towards him .
A small black and tan dog jumps to get a red ball .
A small dog trying to catch a red ball outside
Small black and brown dog playing with a red ball in the grass .
A man with a baseball cap and shiny sunglasses looks down while another bald man looks down .
Man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd .
Man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
Two men wearing sunglasses .
A girl makes an arc of water with her hair in a pool .
A young girl doing a back flip in the water .
The girl is leaning back and splashing water with her hair .
The girl is taking her hair out of the water .
Water streaming from a young woman in a swimming pool flipping her wet hair backwards .
Two children in a yard wearing sunglasses , with a play structure behind them .
Two children in orange sunglasses .
Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent .
Two little girls sitting in the grass wearing sunglasses .
Two young children wearing sunglasses
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
Three dogs in different shades of brown are playing in the water .
Three dogs playing in the green water .
Three dogs play in water .
Three dogs play together in the water .
A large man in a leather costume plays a big drum beside a little boy playing a little drum .
A man and a little boy beating drums .
A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own , little drum .
The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
A child at the top of a fake rock wall .
A child climbs a rock wall .
A child wearing a green shirt is bungee climbing .
A young boy in a green shirt is strapped in a harness climbing a rock wall .
A young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness .
A smiling woman punching a dog .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
The girl with the green scarf and the white dog appear to be playing .
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand .
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide .
A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube .
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling .
A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day .
A young girl in inside a tunnel .
A boy in a blue shirt .
A little boy in a blue shirt looking at the camera , concrete in the background .
A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside .
A small boy looking at the camera .
The small boy is walking on a street lined with people .
A child jumping from a slide into a pool .
A girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool .
A girl is jumping into a pool with two slides behind her .
A little girl jumps from the yellow ladder into the swimming pool .
A young girl in a blue bathing suit jumps off of a yellow slide into the water .
A baby lays next to a big brown dog on a palid bed cover .
A large dog lays next to a small baby with a pacifier in its mouth .
Baby with pacifier and brown dog lay together on the blanket .
Naked baby with a pacifier in its mouth is laying next to a brown and black dog .
The baby is lying on the floor next to the dog .
A boy walks in a meadow near some trees .
A little boy in a blue shirt is running through a forested green area .
A little boy in shorts and t-shirt run in a field of grass towards some trees .
A youg boy in a blue shirt walks through a park .
Little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree .
A dog on the heels of a man .
A little dog with a red ribbon on its head takes a walk .
A small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass .
The little dog walking on the grass has a red bow in its hair .
Yorkshire terrier walking in the grass .
A child walking on rocks .
A girl walking on rocks .
A little girl in a white coat plays in a rock garden .
A young girl walks across big rocks .
Little girl walking on rocks near grassy area beside building .
A man belaying down a waterfall
a man in a harness wearing a white hat climbing down a waterfall
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope .
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope .
The man in red is propelling down the waterfall .
A group of people walking on a rocky ridge .
A man and two boys are climbing on a rock in the park .
Three people climb on a large rock .
Two boys and a man holding a white hat climb on a rock with a lawn and shade trees visible in the background .
Two children and a man on a boulder .
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .
A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing in water outdoors .
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
A young boy with long hair plays in the water .
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair .
A woman in an orange dress riding a carnival ride .
A woman sits alone at a carnival in a lift .
A woman wearing an orange dress makes a face while riding above the fair .
The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel .
A boy and a girl go down a metal slide .
A boy and girl going down a metal slide .
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide .
Two children playing on a metal slide .
two children slide down a slide .
A dog stands shoulder deep in muddy water .
A dog with white fur is moving through deep murky water .
A light tan dog swimming through swampy water .
A white dog is standing in mud up to its neck
A white dog is wading in natural water with algae .
A blonde child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
A cat bites a human 's nose .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
Orange striped kitten biting blonde girl on the nose
The men are in a rocky mountain area .
These two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain , with their arms around each other .
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain .
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain .
Two men posing for a piece in front of snowcapped mountains .
the two girls are carrying several stuffed toy animals .
Two girls stand on a walkway holding several stuffed animals .
Two little girls are standing with bunch of stuffed animals on a white stone path .
Two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals .
Two small girls are holding stuffed animals .
A boy wearing black shorts is jumping into the ocean .
A child in swimming trunks jumping into the ocean .
A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach .
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .
A little boy in black shorts is jumping in the water at the beach .
A dog is jumping to play in the water
A white dog is jumping up at a jet of water .
a white dog jumping in green grass by a brickwall and a stream of water
A white dog jumps from the grass into water from a hose .
A white dog jumps on the green grass next to a brick building .
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .
The children run through the tall green grass .
Three children are running down a grassy hill .
Three children running down a grassy hillside .
Three children running downhill
A brown dog chases a tattered ball around the yard .
A brown dog is chasing a tattered soccer ball across a low cut field .
Large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass .
Tan dog chasing a ball .
The tan dog is chasing a ball .
A curly-haired boy jumps up on a bed .
A little boy jumping on the bed
A little boy with brown curly hair , wearing a red shirt , is jumping on a white bed .
A young boy in a red shirt jumps on a bed .
The young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair .
A girl in a pink shirt on a carnival ride with a huge stuffed animal .
A girl sits on a ride with a stuffed animal next to her above a carnival .
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds .
A little girl sits on a Farris wheel seat next to a giant stuffed animal .
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair .
A couple is standing against a railing looking at a beautiful lake and sunset .
A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk .
The couple is standing by the railing overlooking the water .
Two people stand against the railing above the water and watch the sunset .
Two people stand close together looking at a river from behind a fence .
A group of teenagers near Simpsons characters .
a group of teenagers standing outside of a convienance store .
Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks .
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks .
Three teenagers drink Slurpees outside a convienience store .
A girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street .
A woman in white is pointed at by a sign on the road saying look right .
A woman standing in front of the words " Look Right " painted on a street .
The little girl in a white dress stands by a street with white words written on it .
The words " Look Right " with an arrow painted on a city street , with a female in the foreground .
A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store .
people get their slushies .
Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine .
Two boys in front of a soda machine .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
A baby girl has the contents of a red pot all over her face .
A baby girl holding a red plastic box in one hand and eating from it with the other , some of it on her face .
A little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth .
A toddler with pudding all over her face and hands from eating with her fingers .
The little girl is in her high chair eating jello .
A German Shepherd chases another with a stick in his mouth .
A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth .
a German shepherd dog is running behind another German shepherd dog that is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two German shepherd dogs are running with an object in one 's mouth .
Two German shepherds playing with a stick .
A bull stands in a field , next to a red car .
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field .
A red car parked next to a cow in a field .
Large black animal is as large as small red car
There is a small red car with a black bull standing beside it in the middle of a field .
A group of young blond children , one carrying a rifle , poses in front of a house .
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut .
five kids posing for a picture one is holding a gun
Four brothers and one sister posing for a picture , smiling .
There are five kids standing next to each other , and the one in the red has a gun .
A couple hold each other , standing on a ferry , looking out at a ferry .
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water .
A man embraces a woman as they look over the railing out over the water at a ship .
Couple overlooking a metal rail with water and a boat int he background .
The couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean .
A girl is blowing a huge bubble .
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble .
girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
The girl wearing the orange shirt and glasses is blowing a huge bubble .
The young girl blows a huge bubble .
A boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy .
A boy swimming in a pool .
A child on a pink raft in a pool .
A small boy swims with a pink floatation device in a swimming pool .
Boy playing on a pink raft in a pool .
The little boy covering his mouth is sitting between a covering his eyes and another boy covering his ears .
Three boy do " Hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . "
Three boys sit down and make gestures with their hands .
Three little boys sit together making faces .
three young boys playing hear no evil , speak no evil , see no evil
A child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
A girl looks out into the ocean as she stands on the sand with her yellow boogie board .
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
A young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
A young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean .
One climber is sitting on the rock overlooking the ocean whilst another climber is on her way up .
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
Two people climb a rock overhanging water .
Two people climb rocks over some water .
Two people rock climbing near water .
A black man with facial hair wears a navy hat and blue jacket in front of a white background .
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated .
A man wearing a backwards baseball cap .
A man wearing a blue baseball cap is gazing into the distance .
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance .
Many people standing and sitting on the street in front of billboards .
People sitting on benches beside the street .
Two men sitting on a bench on a street next to two women doing the same .
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it .
Two people sit on a bench on a city street .
The two dogs are white and black and are digging in the mud .
Two black and white dogs after something in the mud .
Two black and white dogs look at a yellow ball in the wet sand .
Two dogs fight over a ball that 's in a puddle .
Two nearly identical dogs try to paw a ball out of muddy water .
A dark skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan .
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
a man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette
A man stands outside smoking a cigarette
A man with glasses smokes a cigarette .
A child stands near a fence .
A small child touches a wooden fence .
A toddler boy stands by a wooden fence .
A toddler in a white t-shirt is touching the wooden fence .
Blond boy touching wooden wall .
A girl in a pink swimsuit jumps through a water sprinkler .
A little girl in a swimsuit jumps over a sprinkler with her eyes hut .
A little girl running through yellow sprinkler in a grassy yard .
A young girl running through a sprinkler
Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside .
A black boy and white boy in swimming trunks are hugging each other on a beach or lake .
A white boy and black boy embrace .
Two boys in red swim trunks hold each other in the water .
Two kids are hugging playfully in shallow water .
Two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other .
A child and dog are shown silohuetted in afternoon sun in front of a lake or pond .
A little girl is walking a dog by the water .
A small boy walking a dog on a leash by a lake .
A young child leads a large dog on the shore .
A young girl walking her dog beside the water with the sun reflecting on it .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in a field .
A dog running in the grass with a stick in his mouth .
A furry white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth through the grass .
A shaggy dog carries a stick through a grassy field .
The dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two babies look up while they are playing in a playpen with a lot of balls .
Two boys in tent-like area , with colorful balls on floor .
Two children look up .
Two kids are in a pen playing with colorful balls .
Two young children play with colored balls .
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing .
A child wearing a black cap with an orange stripe is in a snow tunnel .
A person crawls through a snow tunnel .
A person in a snow tunnel .
The child is in a hole and is wearing a black and orange hat , a jacket , and a glove .
a boy in blue carries a bucket .
A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach .
A child walks on the beach with a bucket .
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach .
Young boy in blue shorts at the beach .
a redheaded woman eating some food with a few people standing around her
A woman wearing black is standing by a woman with bright red hair outside a storefront .
People , one of which is a redhead , are standing near the entrance to a store .
Two girls stand outside of a shop .
Two women , one with red hair , stand outside a store .
People walk outside on a wooden walkway .
three woman walk on the sidewalk .
Two elderly women are walking past a younger woman on a public path .
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .
Women walking beneath a blue sky and powerlines .
A girl in a pink outfit and a blue cap laughs .
An Asian girl in a pink dress is smiling whilst out in the countryside .
A smiling girl in a hat carrying a striped cloth in a field .
A young girl laughing .
a young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field
A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese .
A black and white dog stalks a flock of five geese .
A flock of brown and white geese are walking through grass with a black and white dog nearby .
A group of ducks in a field .
The black dog is crouching down in the field behind the ducks .
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man 's back .
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth leaps through the air next to a young man in a knit cap .
A dog catches a pink Frisbee .
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .
Dog jumps over a man and catches a Frisbee in his mouth .
A child is splashing in the water at the beach .
A girl is playing in the ocean at dusk .
A kid splashes in the ocean .
A person is standing in water with it splashing all around them while another person lingers in the background .
Two children playing in the surf .
A red haired little boy smiles while swinging .
A redheaded child is happily swinging in park .
A smiling child is swinging on a swing .
Boy playing on the swing .
Young Blonde boy on swing set in park
A baby hangs off an adult 's back while laughing .
A child is hanging upside down from an adults shoulders .
A girl is upside-down on someone 's shoulders .
A small child hangs upside down from the back of an adult .
A small child is hanging upside down from an adult 's shoulder .
A small blonde boy and another small child are inside a cushion doghouse with a brown dog .
Two children and a brown dog in a brown tube .
Two children and a dog are in a bedroll .
Two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog .
Two youn boys lay in a dog house with their dog .
A child in the bathtub with water coming out of his mouth .
A child spitting out water .
A small boy in the bathtub spits water .
A young child in a bathtub spitting water
Young boy in a bathtub spits out water .
A child throwing an orange toy .
A small child is near a Frisbee .
A young boy tries to catch an orange and yellow Frisbee in a green , grassy field .
A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee .
A young boy wearing a military sun hat catches a Frisbee outdoors .
Two guys are playing horse shoe together .
Two guys playing horseshoe .
Two men playing horseshoes .
Two men wearing jeans and sunglasses are playing horseshoes .
Two people play horseshoes .
A brown haired little girl is jumping through squirts of water .
A girl runs through sprinklers that shoot water out of the ground .
A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area .
Little girl is jumping up in the sprinklers getting soaked .
The girl is wearing a white shirt and red pants , and jumps through water .
A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars .
a boy pushes his scooter .
A man pushes a cart on a street near some old cars .
A person in brown and two older cars in front of a white building .
A young dark-skinned boy pushes a cart on a street with old cars .
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain .
A man in a tan trench coat and blue jeans walks with a black umbrella open over his head .
A man in a trench coat is walking with an umbrella .
A man with white hair , a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter .
Man walking with his umbrella in a bleak street .
A girl walking with her grey umbrella .
A woman holding an umbrella is standing near a parking meter .
A woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella .
A woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter .
A woman in heels , black skirt and white shirt , holds her blue umbrella over her head while walking on a sidewalk near a parking meter .
A black and white dog is herding a group of sheep on a dusty road .
A black and white dog is watching over a flock of white sheep .
A dog in near a herd of sheep .
A sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep .
A wolf-like dog herds a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm .
A bundled-up toddler in the snow .
A small boy is looking at footprints in the snow .
A small child in winter gear is making tracks in shallow snow .
A young child dressed in snowpants and blue hat tentatively steps on snow-covered ice .
The child is well bundled as he walks in the snow .
A group of people on a blue raft going down a river .
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
Several people are rafting down a choppy river in rocky terrain .
Some people are riding a raft down a white water river .
Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads .
Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them .
Two kids lie on a rug near wooden blocks and smile .
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks .
two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks .
A girl and a woman playing with a ball in a pool .
a woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes .
a young girl and a woman play volleyball with a beach ball .
The mother and daughter are batting a ball in the air to each other at the water park .
Two girls in a pool , one catching a ball the other has thrown .
A boy in a red suit jumps into a pool .
A boy in red shorts is jumping into a swimming pool with a red chair beside it .
A small boy in red shorts leaping into a swimming pool .
A small boy jumps into a swimming pool .
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .
A black and white dog is swimming through some water .
A Dalmatian breed dog paddles through deep water .
a dog swims through the water .
A dog swims through water .
Dog swims in the water
The dog on the right has a red object in his mouth , and the other dog has biting it .
Two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass .
Two black dogs play with a toy .
Two black labs run , one carrying an orange dog toy .
Two dark dogs run together and one holds something in its mouth .
A girl touches the fountain with her foot .
A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water .
A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain .
Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water .
Young blonde woman putting her foot into a water fountain
Two blonde boys are playing on a bed .
two boys fight .
Two boys with blonde hair , wearing stripped shirts on a bed .
Two little blond boys play on a bed in a room with wood paneling .
Two little boys are playing together on the bed .
A brown dog catching a Frisbee in the air .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item .
A dog leaps high in the air to catch a toy over the green grass .
Black dog catching Frisbee at the park .
Black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth
A child smiles as he plays in an inflatable gym .
A little boy is playing in a blow up toy .
A little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy .
A small boy jumps around in a yellow inflated bounce gym .
A smiling boy plays inside an inflatable yellow and white toy .
A black and white dog running on a green grassy field .
A black dog is running across a grassy field by a tall fence .
a black dog runs through a field .
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park .
A dog running at a park , with a park bench in the background .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is taking an orange bicycle over a jump in the street .
A little boy in blue doing bike jumps .
Kid in blue shirt doing tricks on a bike
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp .
A little girl in a swimsuit and braids is in front of the water , in the grass , with her arms crossed in front of her chest
A young girl in a bathing suit and pigtails crosses her arms .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit .
A young girl sitting in the grass near a lake .
Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water .
Girls with orange hair standing on the street with some kind of bottle in their hand .
two girls walking in the street
Two girls walking next to each other and talking .
Two teenage girls dressed like hippies walk and talk .
Two women , one with a head bandanna , are standing next to each other while one holds a bottle .
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket .
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public
A person with blue hair , a baseball cap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap .
One person in a crowd of people , wearing a blue wig
A man wearing glasses is staring off into space .
A man with glasses is standing in front of a building .
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .
A man with sunglasses standing by a white and red building with a very blue sky above .
The man wearing the purple shirt is in the shadows .
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs .
A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back .
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach .
Two people carrying colorful baskets and blankets walk near a building .
Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets .
A bearded man sits at a bus window .
A man with a grey beard is sitting by a window .
An elder man with a long grey beard riding on the bus .
bearded man rides a bus
The man with the beard is sitting in a bus staring forward .
Two boys play hockey on a frozen pond .
Two children are playing ice hockey on frozen ground outside .
Two kids play a game together with sticks in the snow .
Two kids play hockey in the snow .
Two kids play hockey on a pond .
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water .
A person paddles a boat while another has fallen into the water .
One person kayaks as another kayer sinks their boat .
Two kayakers ; one paddling and one in the water .
Two small canoes are out in the middle of the water .
An older lady wearing a Tinkerbell jacket .
A woman standing near water is wearing a pink jacked with Tinkerbell on it .
A woman wearing a pink TinkerBell jacket leans against a railing .
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water .
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .
A clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth .
A man with black hair is wearing a red and yellow shirt and has a yellow clown nose and face makeup on .
A person is wearing mime makeup and glasses on his head as he looks at the camera .
A person wearing clown makeup points a fake gun at the camera .
A person with black hair is dressed like a clown .
A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column .
A man sits on a cement column .
A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings .
A man sitting against a pillar selling hats .
There is an old man sitting on the edge of a concrete pillar wearing a hat .
A big grey dog wearing a chain collar has a smaller brown dog pinned down .
A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass .
Brown and black dog tussle on grass .
The Mastif playfully pins the German Shepherd in the grass .
Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field .
Large group of people , most setting down on a walkway with two boys standing up holding plates .
Many people are sitting and observing or going into a water attraction .
Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle .
People sit by a fountain , a guy with purple hair talks to a guy in a hat .
Two men , one with purple hair , at crowded fountain near Seattle Space Needle .
A man climbing a mountain .
A man climbs a mountain .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain .
A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain .
A young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide .
A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow , out of frame .
A boy wearing a life vest suspended in the air .
A child wearing a white , red , and black life jacket was bounced into the air by something big and yellow .
A child with a floatation vest is being bounced off of something .
The kid in the life vest jumps up in the air .
A brown dog is playing outside in a grassy area .
A brown dog wearing a blue harness jumps over the grassy field .
A brown dog with a blue bandanna is jumping over grass .
A dog is jumping in the grass .
A dog runs through the grass .
A woman wearing a brightly colored costume stands onstage .
Brightly dressed , feather headed wearing women competing on a stage in some sort of pagent .
Costumed women perform outdoors .
Several women dressed in colorful costumes near a City Hall building .
Women in costume stand on a stage .
A white dog is running on a rocky beach .
a white dog runs along the beach
A white dog runs on a beach .
A white dog walking on the beach .
The white dog is running along the beach .
a group of woman in pink dresses walking across a crosswalk towards a cruisship .
A group of women in pink dresses , walking across a street .
Girls in pink dresses walk toward a cruise ship
Ladies in bright dresses are crossing the road .
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people .
A group of girls and two are pulling on some type of yarn item in a girls bag .
In a crowd , two other people finger the fringe of a knit garment hanging on a woman 's shoulder .
The girls are braiding .
Two women pull on another coat .
Women pull on yarn-like strings of another woman 's plaid bag .
A climber is sillhouetted against the sky and rocks as he hangs by a rope from another rock .
A person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff .
A person is abseiling down a rock face attached to a rope .
A person jumping down a rope on a cliff .
The man repels down the side of a cliff .
A child walks while holding an adult 's hand .
A man holds a child 's hand as they walk .
A woman walks hand-in-hand with a little boy who looks like he 's pulling out a wedgie
A young boy has his hand in the back of his pants as he walks .
The man is walking with a young child outside .
A boy is upside down in midair near a lake at sunset .
A person does a flip by two sailboats and a lake .
A person flipping upside down
a person in midair doing a back flip .
A person is doing a flip in midair near a lake with sails behind him .
A brown and black dog is standing on its hind legs trying to catch something .
A dog is jumping up on hind legs with its mouth open .
A dog plays on the grass .
A German shepherd playing with water in the grass .
German Shepherd standing up snapping at droplets of water
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water .
A boy is splashing water in his bathing suit .
A little shirtless boy in shorts splashes water .
Boy in black swim trunks playing in spray of water .
Young boy splashes water at the edge of a pool .
a lone person in a harness climbing a huge rock .
A man in a red shirt climbs a sheer cliff face over the tree tops .
A man in a red shirt is rock climbing over many trees .
A man in red clings to a sheer cliff face .
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
The three children are playing on the rails .
Three children climb on a livestock fence .
Three children stand and climb on a fence .
Three kids play on some bars .
Two young boys and a young girl playing on a gaurd rail .
A black and white dog is chasing a ball on an open plane .
A black and white dog is running through a grassy area .
A black and white dog runs on a dry , yellow field of grass .
A dog is running towards a ball .
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball .
A child pulls another in a small wagon .
A toddler in a red jacket and jeans pulling another toddler wearing a green hat and jacket and red paints in a red wagon .
A toddler in dirty jeans attampts to pull a younger child in a wagon .
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .
One child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand .
A boy is swimming underwater holding a toy in his hand .
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
A little boy swims underwater .
A little boy underwater in a pool , holding a plastic dinosaur .
Child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
A man climbing a mountain .
A man is climbing up a very large rock .
A person hanging from a rocky cliff .
A person in red rock climbing , a mountain in the background .
A person wearing red clings to a rock face .
A boat is on the water , with mountains in the background .
A boat on the water .
A lone boat sitting in the water .
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background .
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background .
A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
Runners in a race run down a busy street
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
Two women runners in athletic shorts and bras going down a city street .
A baseball player standing on the field
a baseball player stands and faces the crowd .
A baseball player wearing a number 19 shirt looks at the outfield .
A male ballplayer wearing a white and blue uniform playing in front of a large crowd .
Baseball player looking out into a stadium crowd
A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches .
A boy is leaping while his sister plays around a hose .
A young boy jumping in front of a young girl and a house .
Children are playing in and around a garden tube in the front yard of a house .
Two children playing above a blue water hose .
A brown and black dog on a leash is sniffed by a black and white dog .
A dog on a leash walks on the sidewalk while another dog follows .
A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal .
The black and white dog is sniffing the butt of the brown dog that is on a leash .
Two small dogs , one black-and-white and one brown-and-black , walk down the street .
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree .
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree .
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree .
A small child is in a tree wearing red shoes .
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .
A girl sits on a swing .
A girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down .
A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater .
a young girl with long brown hair holding a black and red striped stick .
The girl in the red shirt smiles on the swing .
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on .
Two children wearing bright pink clothes are playing with a toy lawnmower .
Two girls are dressed the same and one of them is playing with a toy lawnmower .
Two little girls stand against a wall , one girl has a happy face and the other girl has a sad face .
Two twin girls playing with a toy in the driveway
A brown dog drinks from a water bottle .
A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout .
a yellow lab drinks water .
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle .
Yellow Labrador drinking water from a faucet .
Two girls are sitting outside on the ground in front of a lake .
two girls sit beside a river under a tree
Two girls sit on the edge of a river .
Two girls sitting beside the water near a tree .
Two girls sit under a tree by the water 's edge .
A dog leaps out of the water .
a small dog jumping threw some a lake
A tan dog jumps into water .
A white dog is splashing through the water .
Dog jumping out of water in a lake .
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline .
a man walking next to an extremely large tree trunk
An old man is walking next to big , tall trees .
Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city .
The man walks among the large trees .
A beagle is playing with a tennis ball .
A puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball .
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball on a well-kept path lined with groomed bushes .
A puppy plays with a tennis ball on a stone path .
A white-footed beagle plays with a tennis ball on a garden path .
A man in a black shirt enjoys a snack while a woman in a white shirt looks confused .
A man is eating from a paper cone while a woman stands behind him .
A man is standing in front of a woman while eating something .
One dark-skinned man is eating French Fries and blond woman is standing behind him
The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .
A man in pets a dog on the chest at a park .
A man petting a dog .
A young man scratches the neck of a dog .
A young man sits with a dog outside .
a young man sitting and petting his dog
A boy holding a fishing rod .
A young boy fishes .
A young boy with a hat on has a fishing pole in hand .
A young fisher fishes .
The child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole .
A baby in a white top is sitting on a bed .
A baby wearing a " my best buddy " shirt on a bed .
A cute baby boy is sitting on the bed looking very happy .
A small baby sits on a bed and smiles .
Small boy wearing blue shorts sitting on bed .
A blonde fisherman standing in the water prepares his hook .
A fisherman wearing a waterproof jumpsuit looks at something in his hand .
A man hooking a line .
A man in fishing overalls in the water .
The fisherman stands in water while looking at something small in his hands .
A cross-country skier following a path .
A cross-country skier going through the woods .
A person is cross-country skiing through the snow .
A skier is by himself in the woods .
Lone skier walks through the snow .
A woman climbs up a cliff
A woman rock climber scales a cliff far above pastures .
A woman rock-climbing on a cliff .
A woman rock-climbs in a rural area .
Woman climbing a cliff in a rural area
kids are playing ball in front of a , big fancy building
Three boys play along a decortive wall outside of a building .
Three kids play on a wall with a green ball .
Two children are climbing on the wall of a white building whilst one child plays with a green ball .
Two children play on a stone railing while a third catches a green ball .
A lady ice skates while pulling a child in a buggy .
A mother pulls her daughter in a wagon over a snowy plain .
A woman pulling a wagon with a girl in it across a frozen lake
The girl pulls a toddler in a cart while skating on the ice .
The woman is ice skating and pulling the little girl in the cart across the ice .
A bearded man is sitting on a bench wearing a fur lined jacket and hat .
A bearded man with animal hide coat and hat .
A long-bearded man wearing a coat , fur vest , and broad brimmed fur-trimmed hat .
Man wearing animal skins sitting on a green bench .
The man with a long beard and moustache , wearing a hat , sits outside .
A group of boys play soccer on the grass while another looks down from a rock .
A group of young boys are playing soccer in front of a small hill
Children play soccer in a field .
Eight boys playing soccer in the grass .
Similarly dressed children are playing soccer in a rocky field in front of a building .
A boy and a dog on a dock are watching another dog swim away .
A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog .
A boy and a large dog stand on a dock watching another dog swim in the water .
A boy and his dog are watching an object in the water .
a boy in a white shirt and a black dog looking at another dog in the water
A girl sits on the beach under a bright pink sunshade .
A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach .
A woman in a black bathing suit is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach next to the ocean .
A woman in a black swimsuit sits under a hot-pink umbrella at the beach .
woman sitting on the beach under a pink lawn umbrella .
girls in swimsuits jumping into water from behind
A group of five women and girls in bathing suits jumps into the water with their backs to the camera .
Five girls in swimsuits , are seen from the back , jumping into the water .
Girls in swimsuits , holding hands and leaping into water .
The five girls wearing swimsuits jump into the water .
A child jumps into a pool as a man looks on .
A girl with swimmies on is jumping into a pool .
A little girl wearing orange arm floats jumping into a pool .
A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
A black dog with a brown muzzle next to a body of water , shaking off water with a stick in its mouth .
A black dog with a red collar has an item in his mouth and is climbing out of a pool .
A brown dog climbing out of a pool with a stick in his mouth .
A dog with a stick in its mouth climbs out of the water .
The dog is climbing out of the water with a stick .
A man is asleep on the ground near two bank machines .
A man is slouched near an ATM while another man is withdrawing money from a different ATM .
A man sits in front of an ATM machine while another man uses the machine .
a man with a brwon jacket on his shoulders lying on the sidewalk near two ATM machines .
There is a man using an ATM machine , while a man sleeps on the ground next to him .
A man grasps onto the rock face .
A man in a red shirt attempts to climb a rock .
a man wearing red , climbs a large rock .
man in red shirt climbing rock cliff
Rock climber without a rope .
a boy jumps into the pool .
An adult watches a child somersault into the pool while another child looks on .
A woman throwing a little boy into the pool .
Woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool .
Woman throws little boy into pool as another boy watches .
A mountain landscape .
A mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky .
A snowy mountain range .
Rocky mountains .
Snow covered peaks .
a group of four people conversing next to a bus
Four people taking in front of a bus .
Four teenagers standing next to a bus and talking and laughing .
the two couples are chatting by the bus .
Two girls and two guys are talking to each other with a bus in the background .
A Beagle dog is walking on the shoreline at the beach .
A beagle walking on the beach next to some waves .
A beagle walks along the calm shore .
The beagle is on a beach walking along the shoreline
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .
A female in a pink tank top drinking beer .
A woman in a dark pink tank top , has a bag across her shoulder .
A woman in a pink tank top drinking out of a plastic glass .
A woman in a pink tank top holds a plastic beer mug .
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
A runner in a yellow shirt is cresting a hill .
A runner with one green shoe and one white shoe runs uphill .
A single runner is watched by onlookers in a race .
Man wearing green sneakers runs down highway .
The runner in red and yellow has just made it up the hill .
A boy licks an older male 's face that 's covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance .
A child in a yellow shirt is licking brightly colored food off of a mans cheek .
A young boy is licking blue and yellow frosting off a young man 's face .
A young boy is licking colored frosting off a young man 's face .
Someone licks the face of a man with blue and yellow paint on his face .
A guy is riding a bike up the side of a hill .
A young man bicycles towards the camera and away from beautiful mountains on a clear day .
Man on bike in mountains
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path .
man riding bike on trail
A couple of men sit by a large stone slab with mountains in the background .
Two men rest near a mountain range .
Two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks .
two men sit at a encripted stone in the mountains .
Two men sitting next to a tall stone .
There are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside .
The two men and their bikes are on the side of a snowy road .
two men on bicycles on the side of a snowpacked road in the country
Two men stop on a snow-covered hill with their bicycles .
Two men taking a break from riding their bikes on a snowy road .
a biker bikes in the mountains .
A male bicyclist on a mountain road .
A man biking in front of mountains .
A man is biking down really rough terrain .
Man on bicycle trek high in the mountains .
A man on a bike nest to a river .
A man rides a bicycle on a rocky path beside a lake in the mountains .
A man rides a bicycle on a rocky trail along a large river .
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake .
The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill .
A brown dog and a black dog run into each other in the grass .
A brown dog is grabbing the collar of a black dog .
A dark black dog is playing with a light brown dog in a backyard .
Two dogs are wrestling in a field .
Two dogs are wrestling in the park .
A hiker navigates a rope and wood bridge over a large dry ravine .
A person with a shoulder bag is walking across a shaky wooden slat bridge .
a woman crossing a wooden link wire bridge
A woman walking across an old rope and driftrood bridge between mountains .
The woman is walking on a rickety narrow bridge .
A large tent with a green cover at a campground .
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest .
Picture of a campsite with a big green tent .
Rays of sunlight shine down on a green tent in the woods .
The sun is blazing through the trees onto a green tent in the woods .
A child is playing in the muddy water running along a grassy area .
A little boy is sitting on a wet path covered in mud .
A small boy sits in a mud puddle and gets covered with mud .
a very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud .
The little kid sits down in the muddy water .
A girl in a tutu and a boy in a costume in a dancefloor .
A little girl in a pink tutu gets ready for ballet dancing , a boy in a Spider-Man shirt behind .
a young girl wearing a pink tutu dancing with another young boy in the background .
A young girl wearing a tutu dances in a large room .
Two children are in costume in a dance studio .
A kid is pushing a shopping cart behind an adult inside a consumer market .
A little boy is hanging on to a shopping cart following behind a man .
A small boy wearing a white shirt pushes a grey shopping cart .
A young boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man .
The young boy is pushing the cart inside the store .
A giant inflatable ball , taller than a man , is chased by two men in orange shirts .
The men are on a hill with a giant white ball .
Two men are trying to push this very large inflatable golf ball
two men roll a huge ball .
Two workers in orange and black set up bubble
A baby is trying to eat a large red plastic toy outdoors .
A blonde infant chewing on a red toy .
A blonde toddler placing his mouth on the edge of a red plastic toy .
A child plays with a toy in the grass .
A child with his mouth on a red plastic toy .
A man in red swim trunks is jumping onto a bodyboard .
A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board .
A man with a wake-board is diving over a surface that is not water .
A shirtless man bodysurfs .
Man is diving onto his wakeboard .
A closeup of a man holding a baby wearing a blue shirt .
A man holds a chubby baby with pink cheeks and blue shirt .
A man in black holds a baby .
Ever since his baby girl started coming to the arcade with him , the dad enjoys watching others play his favorite pinball game .
The man is holding a baby near a carnival game .
a dog jumps into the pond .
A dog leaping into the water near a motorboat .
A light colored dog jumping off the back of a boat into the water .
A tan dog jumping off of a boat into the water .
The yellow dog is jumping off of a ship into the water .
A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
Two boys jumping off the pier into the water .
Two boys preparing to jump off a pier located on a large body of water .
Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees .
A brown dog runs across a snowy field .
A dog is running through the snow .
A dog runs through the snow .
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area .
Hikers cross a bridge over a fast moving stream and rocky scenery .
People crossing a long bridge over a canyon with a river .
People walk across a rope bridge over a rocky stream .
Some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river .
Three people are looking across a rope and wood bridge over a river .
A hiker is walking along a path at the foot of some snowcapped mountains .
A man walks near mountains .
A man with ski poles stands in front of a mountain .
The person is walking in the mountains .
The skier is looking at the snowcapped mountains .
A group of people gather on a balcony .
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting .
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A group of people stand on a balcony .
Four people ride in an outdoor elevator .
Two men in ethnic dress standing in a barren landscape .
Two men in keffiyahs stand next to car in the desert and wave at a passing vehicle .
Two men in robes wave at an approaching jeep traveling through the sand .
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert .
Two people with head coverings stand in a sandy field .
A girl all in black and white , and carrying an umbrella , walks down the street , as others watch .
A girl dressed in black and white with mime makeup stands in the middle of a street with a white umbrella and black top hat in her hand .
a performer dancing in the streets wearing an exotic outfit
a woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
The lady in the street is wearing a white and black costume and is carrying a white umbrella .
A little kid splashes around in the kiddie pool while a lady watches .
a woman dumping water on a small child who is in a pool
A woman is throwing a bucket of water over a baby in the paddling pool .
A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area .
I child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
A calico cat raising its paws towards a dog with an open mouth
A cat swatting at a doberman dog
A dog and cat are fighting on a chair .
A multicolor cat fighting with a black and brown dog in a red collar .
The yellow and black cat and the brown and black dog are fighting .
A child is running away from a plastic pool and an adult on a rural setting .
A child is running away from a woman standing by a paddling pool .
A child playing with a water hose while a woman records with a camcorder
A woman and her son are playing outside by a kiddie pool .
A woman watches a child play near a small pool .
a blond boy petting a tiger
A boy pets a sleeping tiger .
A boy pets a sleeping tiger while another tiger sleeps behind him .
A little blonde boy is petting a resting tiger .
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down .
A man mountain climbing up an icy mountain .
An climber is ascending an ice covered rock face .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
Person in a yellow jacket is climbing up snow covered rocks .
There is a climber scaling a snowy mountainside .
A woman and a little girl sit on desert rock .
A young girl and older person are sitting near the top of a rock formation .
two girls sit on a large rock .
Two people are sitting on a huge rock formation .
Two people sit in the distance on an unusual rock formation .
A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain .
a horse driven carriage running through a rainstorm .
Black and white horses carry a cart with people through the rain .
People enjoy a horse draw open carriage in the rain .
The horses pull the carriage , holding people and a dog , through the rain .
A brown dog in a pink shirt runs through a field .
A hairy dog with a pink shirt running through a field
A long-haired dog wearing a pink vest and running
Brown dog in a pink sweater runs on yellow grass .
Dog with pink jacket running in field
A blonde child swims .
A boy is swimming in open water .
a child submerges from the water .
A kid comes up from the water .
The small child comes up from underwater .
Two girls are walking arm in arm past an amusement arcade .
Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway .
Two girls in shorts walk towards casino signs .
two teenage girls walking down a mall breezeway .
two women walk on the sidewalk .
A group of six children sit at a wooden table .
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table .
Six children , all with black hair , sit at a table for a picture .
Six children at a table .
Six small children sitting at a desk .
Two brown and white dogs lift their ears and look through a fence .
Two little dogs looking out of their cage .
Two small dogs are in a cage outside .
Two small dogs in a cage .
Two white and brown dogs up against a fence .
A boy goes down an inflatable slide .
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
A boy is sliding down in a red shirt .
A child going down an inflatable slide .
A young boy sliding down an inflatable , is looking off camera .
one brown and white dog chasing a black and white dog through the grass
The two dogs are running through the grass .
Two cocker spaniels running through the grass .
Two dogs are running through a green yard
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .
A girl in a pool wearing goggles and surrounded by other children
A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children .
A red haired girl making a peace sign is wearing neon green glasses and floaties and playing in the pool with other kids .
A red-headed girl offers the peace sign as she swims in the pool with floaties .
A young girl with goggles and floaties poses for the camera as she plays in a pool .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth looking at the person wearing blue .
A black dog holding a weight in its mouth stands next to a person .
A black dog holds a small white dumbbell in its mouth .
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby .
A man does a wheelie on his bicycle on the sidewalk .
A man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike .
A man on a bicycle is on only the back wheel .
Asian man in orange hat is popping a wheelie on his bike .
Man on a bicycle riding on only one wheel .
A group is sitting around a snowy crevasse .
A group of people sit atop a snowy mountain .
A group of people sit in the snow overlooking a mountain scene .
Five children getting ready to sled .
Five people are sitting together in the snow .
A grey bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in .
A large bird stands in the water on the beach .
A tall bird is standing on the sand beside the ocean .
A water bird standing at the ocean 's edge .
A white crane stands tall as it looks out upon the ocean .
A person stands near golden walls .
a woman behind a scrolled wall is writing
A woman standing near a decorated wall writes .
The walls are covered in gold and patterns .
Woman writing on a pad in room with gold , decorated walls .
A man in a pink shirt climbs a rock face
A man is rock climbing high in the air .
A person in a red shirt climbing up a rock face covered in assist handles .
A rock climber in a red shirt .
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall .

